 The September-October term jury had been charged by Fulton Superior Court Judge Durwood Pye to investigate reports of possible " irregularities" in the hard-fought primary which was won by Mayor-nominate Ivan Allen Jr..
 Regarding Atlanta's new multi-million-dollar airport, the jury recommended " that when the new management takes charge Jan. 1 the airport be operated in a manner that will eliminate political influences".
 Mayor William B. Hartsfield filed suit for divorce from his wife, Pearl Williams Hartsfield, in Fulton Superior Court Friday.
 The couple was married Aug. 2, 1913.
 The mayor's present term of office expires Jan. 1.
 He will be succeeded by Ivan Allen Jr., who became a candidate in the Sept. 13 primary after Mayor Hartsfield announced that he would not run for reelection.
 Pelham pointed out that Georgia voters last November rejected a constitutional amendment to allow legislators to vote on pay raises for future Legislature sessions.
 The former county school superintendent, George P. Callan, shot himself to death March 18, four days after he resigned his post in a dispute with the county school board.
 Daniel termed " extremely conservative" his estimate that it would produce 17 million dollars to help erase an anticipated deficit of 63 million dollars at the end of the current fiscal year next Aug. 31.
 An adverse vote of 81 to 65 kept in the State Affairs Committee a bill which would order the referendum on the April 4 ballot, when Texas votes on a U.S. senator.
 The West Texan reported that he had finally gotten Chairman Bill Hollowell of the committee to set it for public hearing on Feb. 22.
 The proposal would have to receive final legislative approval, by two-thirds majorities, before March 1 to be printed on the April 4 ballot, Roberts said.
 The last 10 cases in the investigation of the Nov. 8 election were dismissed yesterday by Acting Judge John M. Karns, who charged that the prosecution obtained evidence " by unfair and fundamentally illegal means".
 Mayer Goldberg, attorney for election judges in the 58th precinct of the 23d ward, argued this procedure constituted intimidation.
 The payroll tax would actually rise to 7.5 per cent starting Jan. 1, 1963, if the plan is approved, because the levy is already scheduled to go up by 1 per cent on that date to pay for other social security costs.
 He declared on March 25 that the United States had erred a year and a half ago by " encouraging the removal" of Prince Souvanna.
 If the city council fails to consider appointment of a full-time CD director, Mr. Hawksley said, then he plans to call a meeting early in September so that a civil defense organization will be developed locally.
 Mr. Notte was responding to a resolution adopted by the Central Falls City Council on July 10 and sent to the state house by Miss Grant.
 Mr. Martinelli said yesterday that the Citizens Group of Johnston will meet again July 24 to plan further strategy in the charter movement.
 He expects that if the present timetable is followed a vote will be scheduled during the last week in September.
 Sen. Charles W. Sandman, R-Cape May, said today Jones will run well ahead of his GOP opponents for the gubernatorial nomination.
 Sheets added that he would ask for exclusive use of voting machines in the state by January, 1964.
 The candidacy of Mayor James J. Sheeran of West Orange, for the Republican nomination for sheriff of Essex County, was supported today by Edward W. Roos, West Orange public safety commissioner.
 In October 1944, he was appointed state warden and chief of the Forest Fire Section.
 He promised nearly 200 Democratic county committee members at the meeting in the Puddingstone Inn : " When I come back here after the November election you'll think,' You're my man -- you're the kind of governor we're glad we elected'".
 Calling the Democrats the " party that lives, breathes and thinks for the good of the people", Hughes asked, " a representative Democratic vote in the primary for a springboard toward victory in November".
 The outgoing members, whose four-year terms will expire a week after the April 18 primary election, received carved wooden elephants, complete with ivory tusks, to remember the state committee by.
 There may be other 1961 state committee retirements come April 18, but they will be leaving by choice of the Republican voters.
 Resentment welled up yesterday among Democratic district leaders and some county leaders at reports that Mayor Wagner had decided to seek a third term with Paul R. Screvane and Abraham D. Beame as running mates.
 At the same time reaction among anti-organization Democratic leaders and in the Liberal party to the Mayor's reported plan was generally favorable.
 The resentment among Democratic organization leaders to the reported Wagner plan was directed particularly at the Mayor's efforts to name his own running mates without consulting the leaders.
 Some Democratic district and county leaders are reported trying to induce State Controller Arthur Levitt of Brooklyn to oppose Mr. Wagner for the Mayoral nomination in the Sept. 7 Democratic primary.
 Their view is that last-minute changes the Mayor is proposing to make in the Democratic ticket only emphasize the weakness of his performance as Mayor.
 Mayor visits Buckley
 Last night the Mayor visited Mr. Buckley at the Bronx leader's home for a discussion of the situation.
 In talks with Mr. Buckley last week in Washington, the Mayor apparently received the Bronx leader's assent to dropping Controller Lawrence E. Gerosa, who lives in the Bronx, from this year's ticket.
 The Mayor declined in two interviews with reporters yesterday to confirm or deny the reports that he had decided to run and wanted Mr. Screvane, who lives in Queens, to replace Abe Stark, the incumbent, as the candidate for President of the City Council and Mr. Beame, who lives in Brooklyn, to replace Mr. Gerosa as the candidate for Controller.
 The Mayor spoke yesterday at the United Irish Counties Feis on the Hunter College Campus in the Bronx.
 The Mayor said : " It didn't come from me.
 The new promotion manager has been employed by the company since January, 1946, as a commercial artist in the advertising department.
 From June, 1942, until December, 1945, Pfaff served in the Army Air Corps.
 Thousands of bleacher-type seats are being erected along Pennsylvania Avenue between the Capitol and the White House for the big inaugural parade on Jan. 20.
 With a Democratic administration, party patronage would normally begin to flow to Mississippi if it had held its Democratic solidarity in the November election.
 Petitions asking for a jail term for Norristown attorney Julian W. Barnard will be presented to the Montgomery County Court Friday, it was disclosed Tuesday by Horace A. Davenport, counsel for the widow of the man killed last Nov. 1 by Barnard's hit-run car.
 An agreement between the leaders of four parties which contested indecisive elections on Oct. 15 was reached after almost 18 hours of political bargaining under the threat of an army coup d'etat.
 Ierulli will replace Desmond D. Connall who has been called to active military service but is expected back on the job by March 31.
 Ierulli, 29, has been practicing in Portland since November, 1959.
 A bond issue which would have provided some $ 3.5 million for construction of the two 900-student schools was defeated by district voters in January.
 Board members indicated Monday night this would be done by an advisory poll to be taken on Nov. 15, the same date as a $ 581,000 bond election for the construction of three new elementary schools.
 Other speakers for the fund-raising dinner include Reps. Edith Green and Al Ullman, Labor Commissioner Norman Nilsen and Mayor Terry Schrunk, all Democrats.
 The election will be Dec. 4 from 8 a.m. to 8 p.m..
 Bowie, Md., March 17 -- Gaining her second straight victory, Norman B., Small, Jr.'s Garden Fresh, a 3-year-old filly, downed promising colts in the $ 4,500 St. Patrick's Day Purse, featured seventh race here today, and paid $ 7.20 straight.
 Cleveland, March 17 ( AP ) -- George Kerr, the swift-striding Jamaican, set a meet record in the 600-yard run in the Knights of Columbus track meet tonight, beating Purdue's Dave Mills in a hot duel in 1.10.1.
 San Francisco, March 17 ( AP ) -- Bobby Waters of Sylvania, Ga., relief quarterback for the San Francisco 49ers of the National Football League, will undergo a knee operation tomorrow at Franklin Hospital here.
 St. Petersburg, Fla., March 17 ( AP ) -- Two errors by New York Yankee shortstop Tony Kubek in the eleventh inning donated four unearned runs and a 5-to-2 victory to the Chicago White Sox today.
 He went into the Army in March, 1957, and returned two years later.
 SMU will play the Owls at Rice Stadium in Houston in a night game Saturday, Oct. 21.
 And so it was over the weekend what with 40-year-old Warren Spahn pitching his no-hit masterpiece against the Giants and the Giants' Willie Mays retaliating with a record-tying 4-homer spree Sunday.
 I remember his beardown performance in a meaningless exhibition game at Bears Stadium Oct. 14, 1951, before a new record crowd for the period of 18,792.
 The spectacular Mays, who reaches a decade in the big leagues come May 25, joined six other sluggers who walloped four home runs in a span of nine innings.
 Willie's big day revived the running argument about the relative merits of Mays and Mickey Mantle.
 In four of his nine previous seasons Mays hit as many as 25 home runs and stole as many as 25 bases.
 The Denver-area TV audience was privileged to see Mays' four home runs, thanks to a new arrangement made by Bob Howsam that the games are not to be blacked out when his Bears are playing at home.
 At a ceremony in the reception room of Mayor Richardson Dilworth, the Eagles were honored for winning the championship.
 Shea, the chairman of Mayor Wagner's Baseball Committee, will be joined on the dais by Warren Spahn, the southpaw pitching ace of the Milwaukee Braves ; ; Frank Graham, the Journal-American sports columnist ; ; Bill Mazeroski, the World Series hero of the Pittsburgh Pirates, and Casey Stengel, the former manager of the Yankees.
 Named by Mayor Wagner three years ago to head a committee that included James A. Farley, Bernard Gimbel and Clint Blume, Shea worked relentlessly.
 Palmer, golf's leading money-winner in 1960, and Snead will be saluted as the winning team in the Canada Cup matches last June in Dublin.
 The Pirates jumped off to an 11-3 start by May 1 last year, when the Redbirds as well as the Dodgers held them even over the season.
 On last May 1, the Cardinals stood at 7-6, ending a two-season fall-off on that milestone.
 In 1958, the Birds were 3-10 on May 1.
 Since 1949, the St. Louis club has been below on May 1 just four times.
 The'49 team was off to a so-so 5-5 beginning, then fell as low as 12-17 on May 23 before finishing with 96 victories.
 The'52 Cards were 6-7 on May 1 but ended with 88 triumphs, the club's top since 1949.
 Then last season the Birds tumbled as low as 11-18 on May 19 before recovering to make a race of it and total 86 victories.
 Those Dodgers won their first 10 games and owned a 21-2 mark and a nine-game lead by May 8.
 The two top talents of the time, Mickey Mantle and Willie Mays, have hit the ball harder and more successfully so far this early season than at any period in careers which, to be frank about it, never have quite reached expectations.
 Mays and Mantle, both 10-year men at 30, have so much ability that, baseball men agree, they've never hit the heights.
 Like the Yankees' slugger, Mays, the terror of the Giants, has had seasons that would be considered the ultimate by most players, but not by -- or for -- Willie.
 Now, apparently happier under new managers, Mays and Mantle, the perfect players, are behaving as though they're going to pass those previous peaks.
 Four for Alvin Mays' day came a day earlier for Willie than for the kids and Commies this year.
 Next to Leo Durocher, Dark taught Mays the most when he was a grass-green rookie rushed up to the Polo Grounds 10 years ago this month, to help the Giants win a dramatic pennant.
 The New York Metropolitan Opera Company will be here in May, and the board will sponsor the Saturday night, May 13, performance of " Turandot" as a benefit.
 Dec. 22 is the deadline for Mrs. Geraghty's return ; ; the Geraghtys' youngest daughter, Molly, bows in the Passavant Debutante Cotillion the next night.
 Also, invitations have been addressed to Molly's debut tea the afternoon of Dec. 29 in the Arts club.
 He will be coming here on business in December, when the wedding is to take place in Wayne.
 Miss Burke will arrive in December also.
 Comic Gary Morton signed to play the Living Room here Dec. 18, because that's the only time his heart, Lucille Ball, can come along.
 The Living Room has another scoop : Jane Russell will make one of her rare night club singing appearances there, opening Jan. 22.
 The only current event they're staging is the big show at the Stadium Nov. 25, when Danny will entertain thousands of underprivileged kids.
 " La Dolce Vita", the dynamite Italian flicker, opens at popular prices at the Loop theater Nov. 2.
 After being closed for seven months, the Garden of the Gods Club will have its gala summer opening Saturday, June 3.
 Music for dancing will be furnished by Allen Uhles and his orchestra, who will play each Saturday during June.
 Gene Marshall, genial manager of the club, has announced that the Garden of the Gods will open to members Thursday, June 1.
 Beginning July 4, there will be an orchestra playing nightly except Sunday and Monday for the summer season.
 Brig. Gen. and Mrs. Robert F. McDermott will entertain at a black tie dinner Wednesday, May 3, in the Officers' Club at the Air Force Academy.
 Mr. and Mrs. Piero De Luise will honor Italian Consul and Mrs. Emilio Bassi at a cocktail party Tuesday, May 2, from 6 to 8 p.m. in their home.
 The event, staged yearly by Neusteters, will be held in the Opera House Wednesday, Aug. 16.
 The first committee meeting will be held on May 19.
 Her day starts early, but no matter how many pressing letters there are to be written ( and during May, which is National Salvation Army Week, there are plenty ), schedules to be made or problems to be solved, Mrs. Marr's office is always open and the welcome mat is out.
 By mid-June, millions of Americans will take to the road on vacation trips up and down and back and forth across this vast and lovely land.
 By July 1, six weeks from now, motel-keepers all over the nation will, by 6 p.m., be switching on that bleak -- to motorists -- sign, " No Vacancy".
 Maybe motel-keeping isn't the nation's biggest industry, but it certainly looks that way from the highway.
 After a reception at The Mayfair, the newlyweds left for a wedding trip to New Orleans, La..
 " A Night in New Orleans" is the gayety planned by members of the Thrift Shop Committee for May 6 at Philmont Country Club.
 The women's committee of St. David's Church will hold its annual pre-Fair pink parade, a dessert bridge and fashion show at 1 p.m. on Monday, April 17, in the chapel assembly room, Wayne.
 " Meet the Artist" is the invitation issued by members of the Greater Philadelphia Section of the National Council of Jewish Women as they arrange for an annual exhibit and sale of paintings and sculpture at the Philmont Country Club on April 8 and 9.
 A preview party for sponsors of the event and for the artists is set for April 8.
 Mr. and Mrs. James Janssen announce the birth of a daughter, Patricia Lynn Janssen, on March 2.
 The marriage will be quietly celebrated in early February.
 Councilman William D. Schaefer ( D., Fifth ) said in a letter to Mayor Grady that plowing and salting crews should be dispatched earlier in storms and should be kept on the job longer than they were last month.
 He said the snow plan was put in effect too slowly in December.
 Maryland contracts for future construction during October totaled $ 77,389,000, up to 10 per cent compared to October, 1960, F.W. Dodge, Dodge Corporation, reported.
 The trial will be held, probably the first week of March, in the famous Old Bailey central criminal court where Klaus Fuchs, the naturalized British German born scientist who succeeded in giving American and British atomic bomb secrets to Russia and thereby changed world history during the 1950s, was sentenced to 14 years in prison.
 He said that drawings of the Dreadnought and printed details about the ship were found reproduced in an undeveloped roll of film taken from Lonsdale when he was arrested with the two civil servants outside the Old Vic theater Saturday afternoon, Jan. 7.
 " Much of the navy's future depends upon her", an American naval announcement said on the Skipjack's first arrival in British waters in August, 1959, for exhibition to selected high officers at Portland underwater research station.
 The son of a wealthy Evanston executive was fined $ 100 yesterday and forbidden to drive for 60 days for leading an Evanston policeman on a high speed chase over icy Evanston and Wilmette streets Jan. 20.
 He returned to his cell in the county jail, where he has been held since his arrest last July, without a word to his court-appointed attorney, Jack Walker, or his guard.
 The verdict brought vindication to the dead woman's stepson, Vincent Hengesbach, 54, who was tried for the same crime in December, 1958, and released when the jury failed to reach a verdict.
 Mrs. Hengesbach was killed on Aug. 31, 1958.
 The jail sentence is to begin the day after Sarkees graduates from Eastern High School in June.
 A 14-power conference on Laos should then meet on May 5, he said.
 A Havana radio broadcast identified the Americans as Howard Anderson and August Jack McNair.
 McNair, 25, was seized March 20 with four Cubans and accused of trying to land a boatload of rifles in Pinar Del Rio, about 35 miles from Havana.
 The letters set a Nov. 15 deadline for the start of negotiations.
 Charles A. Black, COAHR chairman, said Friday that three theater representatives had agreed to meet with the students on Oct. 31 but had failed to show up.
 Friday's letters asked for a Nov. 15 meeting.
 The latest death reported was that of 4-year-old Claude Douglas Maynor of Calvary.
 William Smythe, director of field service, told the commissioners that Multnomah, as of Aug. 22, had spent $ 58,918 out of its budgeted $ 66,000 in the category, leaving only $ 7,082 for the rest of the month.
 Mrs. Lavaughn Huntley is accused of driving the getaway car used in a robbery of the Woodyard Bros.' Grocery, 2825 E. Burnside St., in April of 1959.
 Her husband, who was sentenced to 15 years in the federal prison at McNeil Island last April for robbery of the Hillsdale branch of Multnomah Bank, also was charged with the store holdup.
 Mr. Brett, born in Brooklyn, N.Y., Dec. 15, 1886, came to Portland in 1920.
 Louis H. Grenier, clerk of the board, said that the appeals will be reviewed in December at the time the board is visiting new construction sites in the town for assessment purposes.
 The decoration will be presented by A. Trichieri, Italian consul general in Boston, at a ceremony at 30 p.m. on Dec. 7 at the plant, which this year is celebrating its golden anniversary.
 Mr. Sorrentino will be honored on the evening of Dec. 7 at a dinner to be given by the Aurora Club at the Sheraton-Biltmore Hotel.
 In August while stopping in Greenock, Scotland, three members of the crew on liberty rendered first aid to a girl who fell from a train.
 He will take over his new post Jan. 1.
 Dr. Hester, also one of the youngest men ever to head a major American university, succeeds Dr. Carroll V. Newsom who resigned last September to join Prentice-Hall Inc. publishing firm.
 He joined NYU in September, 1960.
 Dr. Albert Schweitzer, world-famous theologian and medical missionary, has endorsed an Easter March for Disarmament which begins tomorrow in Sunnyvale.
 Lee said he had told the jury that he made an agreement in April with Stein to supply and supervise janitors in McCormick Place.
 Huff, who received a salary of $ 109 a week from the loan association from October of 1955 until September of this year, said that his private practice was not lucrative.
 Indeed, from the moment the reports of the coming issue first started circulating in Dallas last January, the inquiries and demand for the stock started building up.
 New car sales in Dallas County during March showed slight signs of recovering from the doldrums which have characterized sales this year.
 Registrations of new cars in Dallas County cracked the 3,000 mark in March for the first time this year.
 Totaling 3,399, sales jumped 14 per cent over February's 2,963.
 However, compared with March 1960 new car sales of 4,441, this March was off 23 per cent.
 With the March pickup, dealers are optimistic that the April-June quarter will equal or top last year.
 The March gain plus this optimism has been encouraging enough to prompt auto makers to boost production schedules for the next quarter.
 Only three standard models -- Buick, Chrysler, and Mercury -- had slight year-to-year gains in March sales in the county.
 The new offering Tuesday consisted of $ 60 million worth of 4-78 debentures, due June 1, 1986, at 100 %, and $ 60 million of 4-12 % convertible subordinated debentures due June 1, 1991, at 100 %.
 The convertible debentures are convertible into common shares at $ 65 a share by June 1, 1966 ; ; $ 70 by 1971 ; ; $ 75 by 1976 ; ; $ 80 by 1981 ; ; $ 85 by 1986, and $ 90 thereafter.
 I bought 50 shares of Diversified Growth Stock Fund on Oct. 23, 1959, and 50 more shares of the same mutual fund on Feb. 8, 1960.
 I visited the bank in March and wrote a story about the situation.
 Maybe it's taking longer to get things squared away than the bankers expected.
 Gus Ehlers, competitor of Mr. Houtz in this farm community, says his business since August 1 is running 50 % above a year earlier.
 Seven of the eight companies that turn out full lines of farm machinery say sales by their dealers since the start of August have shown gains averaging nearly 10 % above last year.
 " In August our dealers sold 13 % more farm machinery than a year earlier and in September retail sales were 14 % higher than last year", says Mark V. Keeler, farm equipment vice president of International Harvester Co..
 Among individual dealers questioned in nearly a score of states, two out of three report their sales since August 1 show sizable gains from a year earlier, with the increases ranging from 5 % to 50 %.
 Mr. Martin sold 21 tractors in August ; ; in August of 1960, he sold seven.
 For example, farm equipment shipments of International Harvester in August climbed about 5 % above a year earlier, Mr. Keeler reports.
 Tractor production at Massey-Ferguson, Ltd., of Toronto in July and August rose to 2,418 units from 869 in the like period a year earlier, says John Staiger, vice president.
 Total farm output for this year is officially forecast at 129 % of the 1947-49 average, three points higher than the July 1 estimate and exactly equal to the final figure for 1960.
 The Government reported last week that the index of prices received by farmers rose in the month ended at mid-September for the third consecutive month, reaching 242 % of the 1910-14 average compared with 237 % at mid-July.
 Consumer spending edged down in April after rising for two consecutive months, the Government reported.
 The Commerce Department said seasonally adjusted sales of retail stores dropped to slightly under $ 18 billion in April, down 1 % from the March level of more than $ 18.2 billion.
 April sales also were 5 % below those of April last year, when volume reached a record for any month, $ 18.9 billion ( see chart on Page One ).
 The seasonal adjustment takes into account such factors as Easter was on April 2 this year, two weeks earlier than in 1960, and pre-Easter buying was pushed into March.
 Commerce Department officials were inclined to explain the April sales decline as a reaction from a surge of consumer buying in March.
 Adjusted sales that month were up a relatively steep 2.5 % from those of the month before, which in turn were slightly higher than the January low of $ 17.8 billion.
 It was during " Old Music" at the St. James Theater that Hollywood's Louis B. Mayer spotted her.
 Just this April she was nominated for the seventh time for an Academy Award for her portrayal of Eleanor Roosevelt in " Sunrise at Campobello".
 Last October he gave a public speech in Washington, D.C. entitled " Are Women Here To Stay" ? ?
 Dick Carroll and his accordion ( which we now refer to as " Freida" ) held over at Bahia Cabana where " Sir" Judson Smith brings in his calypso capers Oct. 13.
 Hubie's restaurant activities up in Lorain, Ohio, may preclude his return here until after Oct. 20, date set for reopening the Heilman Restaurant on Sunman Restaurant on Sunrise.
 Student Prince Lounge on Atlantic Blvd. plotting a month-long " festival" throughout October, with special features.
 The first in a series of five productions will be held in War Memorial Auditorium Thursday, Oct. 26.
 Also set for appearances at the auditorium this season are : " American Ballet Theatre" on Jan. 27, " Ximenez-Vargas Ballet Espagnol" on Feb. 2 ; ; Jorge Bolet, pianist, on Feb. 23 ; ; and " Dancers of Bali" on March 8.
 A Southeast Library Workshop will be held here Oct. 9, conducted by Mrs. Gretchen Schenk of Summerdale, Ala., author, lecturer and library leader.
 Other workshops will be in Tallahassee Oct. 5 ; ; Jacksonville, Oct. 6 ; ; Orlando, Oct. 10 ; ; Plant City Oct. 11.
 The week will end with the Rev. Mr. Henderson preaching on " The Marriage Altar" at 7:30 p.m. Sunday, May 14.
 The resignation of the Rev. Warren I. Densmore, headmaster of St. Stephen's Episcopal Day School in Coconut Grove, becomes effective July 15.
 The guest assignments are scheduled for November 14 and 18, with the Orchestra Sinfonica Siciliana in Palermo and the Orchestra of Radio Cologne.
 The season in San Francisco will open with a special Gala Concert on November 22.
 The season will open at the new Hall of Flowers in Golden Gate Park on November 20 at 8:30 p.m. with a concert by the Mills Chamber Players.
 Requests must be mailed in by December 5.
 One of the initial questions put to President Kennedy at his first news conference last January was about his attitude toward a meeting with Premier Khrushchev.
 Last Friday the White House announced : President Kennedy will meet with Soviet Premier Nikita S. Khrushchev in Vienna June 3 and 4.
 Both elements -- the caution about a meeting, the willingness eventually to hold one -- were reflected in a letter from the President which Ambassador Llewellyn E. Thompson brought back to Russia late in February.
 The letter, dated Feb. 22, was delivered to Premier Khrushchev in Novosibirsk, Siberia, on March 9.
 It was in the midst of such White House deliberations that Premier Khrushchev on May 4 made new inquiries through the U.S. Embassy in Moscow about a meeting with the President in the near future.
 Mr. Kennedy told Moscow he would give his answer by May 20 after consultation with the Allies.
 The Vienna meeting will bring together a seasoned, 67-year-old veteran of the cold war who, in Mr. Kennedy's own words, is " shrewd, tough, vigorous, well-informed and confident", and a 44-year-old President ( his birthday is May 29 ) with a demonstrated capacity for political battle but little experience in international diplomacy.
 Business Week ( Aug. 9, 1961 ) reports that the United Aircraft Company, against which the International Association of Machinists had undertaken a strike, decided to keep its plants operating.
 He thus kept his hands free for any action after Jan. 20, although reaction to the break was generally favorable in the U.S. and Latin America ( see the hemisphere ).
 The Augusta National Golf Club Course got up and bit both Player and Palmer.
 Palmer's 281 for the four rounds at Augusta was a comfortable four strokes ahead of the next closest pro, but it was barely good enough for a second-place tie with Coe.
 But Palmer knew, as did everybody else at Augusta, that his streak was about to be broken.
 When the winter tour began at Los Angeles last January there was no one in sight to challenge Palmer's towering prestige.
 When they reached Augusta last week, together they had won five of the 13 tournaments to date.
 It was a dismal, drizzly day but a good one on which to score over the Augusta National course.
 A lot of people were still thinking about Jack Nicklaus, the spectacular young amateur, who had a 70 ; ; or Ken Venturi, who had a somewhat shaky 72 but was bound to do better ; ; or Rosburg, whose accurate short game and supersensitive putter can overcome so many of Augusta's treacheries ; ; or even old Byron Nelson, whose excellent 71 made one wonder if he had solved the geriatric aspects of golf.
 The roar of Palmer's gallery as he sank a thrilling putt would roll out across the parklike landscape of Augusta, only to be answered moments later by the roar of Player's gallery for a similar triumph.
 It is the year when ( 1 ) amiable Jim Gentile of the Baltimore Orioles ambled to the plate in consecutive innings with the bases loaded and, in unprecedented style, delivered consecutive grand-slam home runs ; ; ( 2 ) Willie Mays of the San Francisco Giants borrowed a teammate's bat and became the ninth big leaguer to stroke four home runs in a game ; ; ( 3 ) the Milwaukee Braves tied a major-league record with fourteen home runs in three games and lost two of them ; ; and ( 4 ) catcher Johnny Blanchard of the New York Yankees matched a record with home runs in four successive times at bat, two of them as a pinch-hitter.
 What ultimately frustrated every challenger was Ruth's amazing September surge.
 To better Ruth's mark, neither needs a spectacular September flourish.
 All Mantle needs is eight more home runs in August and ten in September, and he will establish a new record.
 At a reception for new members of Congress, Oregon Democrat Maurine Neuberger, taking the Senate seat held by her husband Richard until his death last March, got a brotherly buss from Democratic Elder Statesman Adlai Stevenson, U.S. Ambassador-designate to the U.N..
 Meanwhile, after 24 years in the Senate, Rhode Island's durable Democrat Theodore Francis Greene -- having walked, swum and cerebrated himself to the hearty age of 93 -- left that august body ( voluntarily, because he could surely have been re-elected had he chosen to run again last November ), as the oldest man ever to serve in the Senate.
 To Decathlon Man Rafer Johnson ( Time cover, Aug. 29 ), whose gold medal in last summer's Olympic Games was won as much on gumption as talent, went the A.A.U.'s James E. Sullivan Memorial Trophy as the outstanding U.S. amateur athlete of 1960.
 As the world's top sportsman -- pro or amateur -- Sports Illustrated tapped golf's confident Arnold Palmer ( Time cover, May 2 ), who staged two cliffhanging rallies to win both the Masters and U.S. Open crowns, went on to win a record $ 80,738 for the year.
 Like Philadelphia's late Dr. Albert C. Barnes who kept his own great collection closed to the general public ( Time, Jan. 2 ), Thompson, at 61, is something of a legend in his own lifetime.
 When the University of Chicago's Chancellor Lawrence A. Kimpton submitted his resignation last March, a mighty talent hunt gripped the Midway.
 Last week Chicago happily found its top scholar in Caltech's acting dean of the faculty : dynamic Geneticist George Wells Beadle, 57, who shared the 1958 Nobel Prize in medicine and physiology for discovering how genes affect heredity by controlling cell chemistry ( Time, Cover, July 14, 1958 ).
 It fell to Chancellor Kimpton, now a Standard Oil ( Indiana ) executive, to spend his nine-year reign tidying up Chicago after the 21-year typhoon of Idealist Robert Maynard Hutchins.
 The Belgian government decided to act, and on July 10 dispatched paratroops to the Congo.
 On July 11 the head of the mineral-rich province of Katanga, Moise Tshombe, announced that his province had seceded from the country.
 On July 14 the Security Council -- with France and Great Britain abstaining -- voted the resolution which drew the U.N. into the Congo.
 But by the end of the three-month period, in October 1960, something approaching calm settled on the Congo.
 From October 1960 to February 1961, the U.N. forces in the Congo took little action.
 In February the murder of Patrice Lumumba, who had been kidnaped into Katanga and executed on order of Tshombe, again stirred the U.N. to action.
 On Feb. 21 the council passed another resolution urging the taking of " all appropriate measures to prevent the occurrence of civil war in the Congo, including the use of force, if necessary, in the last resort".
 But last week's pirates, like the Cuban-American who recently hijacked an Eastern Airlines Electra ( Newsweek, Aug. 7 ), wanted to go to Havana.
 They chose four : Jack Casey, who works for Continental Airlines in Houston ; ; Fred Mullen from Mercer Island, Wash. ; ; Pfc. Truman Cleveland of St. Augustine. Fla., and Leonard Gilman, a former college boxer and veteran of the U.S. Immigration Service Border Patrol.
 Other tax-exempt bonds of State and local governments hit a price peak on February 21, according to Standard & Poor's average.
 On these bonds, price rises since February 21 easily outnumber price declines.
 A new report on the earnings records of toll roads in the most recent 12-month period -- ending in February or March -- shows what is happening.
 Traffic on that road slumped sharply in January and February, as compared with those same months in 1960.
 Then March brought an 18 per cent rise in net revenues -- after operating costs.
 As a result, the road's net revenues in the 12 months ending March 31 were 186 per cent of the annual interest payments on the turnpike bonds.
 Operating revenues were off in the first three months of 1961, but up for the 12 months ending in March.
 The 187-mile Illinois State Toll Highway, for example, was not opened over its entire length until December, 1958.
 In the 12 months ended in February, 1960, the highway earned enough to cover 64 per cent of its interest load -- with the remainder paid out of initial reserves.
 In the 12 months ended in February, 1961, this highway earned 93 per cent of its interest.
 Higher tolls are planned for July 1, 1961, on the Richmond-Petersburg, Va., Turnpike, and proposals for increased tolls on the Texas Turnpike are under study.
 Net earnings of that road rose from 62 per cent of interest requirements in calendar 1957 to 86 per cent in the 12 months ended Feb. 28, 1961.
 Commerce Secretary Luther Hodges, accompanied by a member of our staff, on May 10 toured plants of two of Italy's biggest companies -- Fiat, the auto producer, and Olivetti, maker of typewriters and calculating machines.
 This is one of the main reasons for National Library Week, April 16-22, and for its theme : " For a richer, fuller life, read" ! !
 Coupling its own budget of $ 83,750 with a $ 30,000 state grant authorized by Gov. Vandiver, the group expects to sign a contract in March with Georgia Tech..
 The wartime protocol of September 12, 1944, designated a special " Greater Berlin" area, comprising the entire city, to be under joint occupation.
 Registered Democrats in New York City this year have the opportunity to elect their party's candidates for Mayor and other municipal posts and the men who will run their party organization.
 In the central contest, that for Mayor, they may have found some pertinent points in what each faction has said about the other.
 Mayor Robert F. Wagner must, as his opponents demand, assume responsibility for his performance in office.
 The Mayor is finding it awkward to campaign against his own record.
 Mayor Wagner's shortcomings have perhaps been more mercilessly exposed than those of Mr. Levitt who left an impression of quiet competence in his more protected state post.
 As Mayor, Mr. Levitt might turn out to be more independent than some of his leading supporters would like.
 Mr. Wagner might or might not be a " new" Mayor in this third term, now that he is free of the pressure of those party leaders whom he calls " bosses".
 The same can be said about the half-hearted Cuban invasion mounted by the administration last April, which, we trust, is not symptomatic of the methods to be invoked in holding off the felonious Khrushchev.
 West Berlin's Mayor Brandt vigorously demanded a firmer stand on the dismemberment of his city and won votes by it.
 The economy seems to be sailing along on an even keel and the 1961 hurricane season and auto strikes are at an end so they can't be blamed in November.
 February's volume was 1 per cent above January's for the first pickup since last October, although it's still 1.5 per cent off from February 1960.
 Corroborating Mr. Hodges' figures was the Federal Reserve Board's report of the large sales increase in the nation's department stores for the week ending March 4.
 Another optimistic sign, this one from the Labor Department, was the report that the long rise in unemployment compensation payments " was interrupted for the first time in the week ending Feb. 25".
 Initial claims for jobless benefits were said to have dropped by 8,100 in the week ending March 4.
 The rebels may try to seize what is left of the October harvest when the floods recede and the monsoon ends in November.
 South Viet Nam has received $ 1,450,000,000 in United States aid since 1954 and the rate of assistance has been stepped up since Vice President Lyndon B. Johnson's visit last May.
 The new City Charter, which should get a Yes vote as Question No. 1 on Nov. 7, would not make a good Mayor out of a bad one.
 But it would greatly strengthen any Mayor's executive powers, remove the excuse in large degree that he is a captive of inaction in the Board of Estimate, increase his budget-making authority both as to expense and capital budgets, and vest in him the right to reorganize city departments in the interest of efficiency and economy.
 Lawmaking power is removed from the Board of Estimate and made a partnership responsibility of the City Council and the Mayor.
 The board will be able to increase, decrease, add or eliminate budget items, subject to the Mayor's veto ; ; but the City Council will now share fully this budget-altering power.
 The expense ( operating ) budget is to be a program budget, and red tape is cut to allow greater autonomy ( with the Mayor approving ) in fund transfers within a department.
 This year, on a night cool with the front of September moving in, but with plenty of summer still about, the Podgers were holding a neighborhood gathering in the Pod.
 Out of this session may come : 1 -- Plans for a dramatic, broad-scale party rally in Los Angeles next December that would enlist top-drawer Democrats from all over the country.
 Over 4 million shares were sold, the highest figures since early June.
 Aug. 4, 1821, nearly a century after Benjamin Franklin founded the Pennsylvania Gazette -- a century during which it had undergone several changes in ownership and a few brief suspensions in publication -- this paper made its first appearance as the Saturday Evening Post.
 After the Griffin-Byrd political troup has completed the circuit in November in the name of a Pre-Legislative Forum, this is going to be the most politically oriented Legislature in history.
 But when former Gov. Marvin Griffin and Lt. Gov. Byrd accepted the invitations of the Georgia State Chamber of Commerce to join the tour next November, the situation was aggravated.
 The Providence Journal editorial ( Jan. 25 ) entitled " East Greenwich Faces A Housing Development Problem" points to a dilemma that faces communities such as ours.
 Mr. Richard Preston, executive director of the New Hampshire State Planning and Development Commission, in his remarks to the Governors Conference on Industrial Development at Providence on October 8, 1960, warned against the fallacy of attempting to attract industry solely to reduce the tax rate or to underwrite municipal services such as schools when he said : " If this is the fundamental reason for a community's interest or if this is the basic approach, success if any will be difficult to obtain".
 The Providence Sunday Journal article ( Jan. 29 ) asking whether American taxpayers are being victimized by a gigantic giveaway to pay for the care of war veterans who have non-service-connected disabilities sounds as though The Providence Journal is desperate for news.
 Chicago, Aug. 9 -- No doubt there have been moments during every Presidency when the man in the White House has had feelings of frustration, exasperation, exhaustion, and even panic.
 Evansville, Ind., Aug. 5 -- Defense Secretary Robert S. McNamara has asked Congress for authority and funds to build fallout shelters costing about 200 million dollars.
 Chicago, Aug. 4 -- It seems college isn't what it should be.
 Chicago, Aug. 9 -- The granting of the Jan Masaryk award August 13 to Senator Paul Douglas is a bitter example of misleading minorities.
 Oak Park, Aug. 8 -- In Today's " Voice", the CTA is urged to reduce fares for senior citizens.
 Chicago, Aug. 9 -- In reply to a letter in Today's " Voice" urging the sale of meat after 6 p.m., I wish to state the other side of the story.
 Chicago, Aug. 9 -- I, too, congratulate the American Legion, of which I am proud to have been a member for more than 40 years, on the recent state convention.
 Chicago, Aug. 7 -- The Illinois Commission for Handicapped Children wishes to commend the recent announcement by the Catholic charities of the archdiocese of Chicago and DePaul University of the establishment of the Institute for Special Education at the university for the training of teachers for physically handicapped and mentally retarded children.
 Minneapolis, Aug. 7 -- I just want to let you know how much I enjoyed your June 25 article on Liberace, and to thank you for it.
 Chicago, Aug. 7 -- Is this, perhaps, one of the things that is wrong with our country ? ?
 Washington, Aug. 4 -- Your July 26 editorial regarding the position of Attorney General Robert F. Kennedy on prospective tax relief for DuPont stockholders is based on an erroneous statement of fact.
 The Attorney General responded by letter dated July 19.
 Wilmette, Aug. 7 -- I concur most heartily with today's letter on the futility of writing to Sen. Dirksen and Sen. Douglas.
 Downers Grove, Aug. 8 -- A recent news story reported that Frank Sinatra and Dean Martin delayed 103 airplane passengers 10 minutes in London while they finished their drinks.
 Providence, Aug. 5 -- Overt socialism means government ownership and management of a nation's main industries.
 The bill which passed the Assembly last May and is now pending in the Senate should be given careful scrutiny.
 It will be at the museum until March 30.
 Recently I traveled the parkway from East Orange to Cape May and I found the most courteous group of men you will find anywhere.
 The 15th Street deposit is not to be confused with the nearby famous Mayflower Hotel cypress swamp on 17th Street reported in The Washington Post, August 2, 1955, which was probably formed during the second interglacial period and is therefore much younger.
 Two strong dissents from the majority report of the Joint Economic Committee ( May 2 ) by Senators Proxmire and Butler allege that the New Deal fiscal policy of the Thirties did not work.
 I was surprised at Mayor Miriani's defeat, but perhaps Mayor-elect Cavanagh can accomplish some things that should have been done years ago.
 Maybe he can clean out the white elephants in some of the city departments such as welfare, DPW and sanitation.
 Maybe he will help to turn our fair city into a " ghost" town.
 Mr. George Hough ( Oct. 30 ) sounds like a business man who waits until the last minute to leave his home or shop.
 What is needed, Philip Morrison writes in The Cornell Daily Sun ( October 26 ) is a discontinuity.
 Then let the whole lot be hanged in a public mass execution on July 4, 1963.
 The band should play the Rogues' March as a processional, switching to " Hail Columbia, Happy Land" ! ! As the trap is sprung.
 Until Moscow resumed nuclear testing last September 1, the US and UK had released more than twice as much radiation into the atmosphere as the Russians, and the fallout from the earlier blasts is still coming down.
 On October 19, after the Soviets had detonated at least 20 nuclear devices, Ambassador Stevenson warned the UN General Assembly that this country, in " self protection", might have to resume above-ground tests.
 On the one hand, the Public Health Service declared as recently as October 26 that present radiation levels resulting from the Soviet shots " do not warrant undue public concern" or any action to limit the intake of radioactive substances by individuals or large population groups anywhere in the A[fj].
 As of October 25, the AEC had reported 24 shots in the new Soviet series, 12 of them in a megaton range, including a super bomb with a yield of 30 to 50 megatons ( the equivalent of 30 million to 50 million tons of TNT ) ; ; and President Kennedy indicated there were one or two more than those reported.
 To this must be added the 90 to 92 megatons of fission yield produced between the dawn of the atomic age in 1945 and the informal three-power test moratorium that began in November, 1958.
 Augustin Cardinal Bea, the director of the Secretariate for Christian Unity, has expressed as directly as anyone the new spirit that pervades the Church's stance toward the Protestant and Orthodox Churches.
 introduction of the " dialogue" principle proved strikingly effective at the thirty-fourth annual meeting of the Catholic Association for International Peace in Washington the last weekend in October.
 Now, everyone knows -- or knew in the week of December 10 -- that something had gone shockingly wrong with American foreign policy.
 The controlling pattern was first displayed in the Hungary-Suez crisis of November 1956.
 The publication last July of the party's Draft Program -- that blueprint for the " transition to communism" -- had led the uninitiated to suppose that this Twenty-second Congress would be a sort of apotheosis of the Khrushchev regime, a solemn consecration of ideas which had, in fact, been current over the last three or four years ( i.e., since the defeat of the " anti-party group" ) in all theoretical party journals.
 Was not this dropped primarily in order to " appease" the Chinese -- especially after " Khrushchev's " humiliating" surrender to the West in canceling the German peace-treaty deadline of December 31 ? ?
 I would like to add one more practical reform to those mentioned by Russell Kirk ( Dec. 16 ).
 Next September, after receiving a degree from Yale's Master of Arts in Teaching Program, I will be teaching somewhere -- that much is guaranteed by the present shortage of mathematics teachers.
 I disagree with Mr. Burnham's position on the Common Market ( Nov. 18 ) as a desirable organization for us to join.
 If it is not enough that all of our internationalist One Worlders are advocating that we join this market, I refer you to an article in the New York Times' magazine section ( Nov. 12, 1961 ), by Mr. Eric Johnston, entitled " We Must Join The Common Market".
 The Peiping Chinese were the only major silver seller in the world markets who stopped selling the metal on Monday morning, November 27, anticipating by two days the announcement of the U.S. Treasury that the pegged offering price will be removed.
 But, in spite of this, I, at present a man 31 years of age and a College Professor, have been recalled " by direction of the President" to report on November 25th to Fort Devens, Massachusetts, for another twelve months of Active Duty as an Sp 4 ( the equivalent of a PFC ).
 It doesn't take a Gore Vidal to tell you what's wrong with Cherokee Textile's slogan ( Pitney-Bowes Objects", July 1 ).
 In the issue of March 5, 1960 you had an excellent editorial which said :
 He has been in prison since May, 1958, when his aircraft was shot down over Moluccas.
 A few days before I saw your mention of what Texas Liberals were doing to promote " Louis Capet" ( The Week", June 3 ), another analogy had occurred to me.
 It seems to me that N.C., in his editorial " Confrontation" ( SR, Mar. 25 ), has hit upon the real problem that bothers all of us in a complex world : how do we retain our personal relationship with those who suffer ? ?
 F.L. Lucas's article in SR's April 1 issue seemed to be a very fair and objective analysis of the New English Bible.
 Lester Markel is on the right track in his article " Interpretation Of Interpretation" ( SR, Mar. 11 ).
 I was interested in James Webb Young's Madison Avenue column in which he raised the question : " Do We Need a College of Propaganda" ? ? ( SR, Feb. 11 ).
 many of us in public relations were flattered that Richard L. Tobin chose to devote his editorial in the March 11 Communications Supplement to the merger of the Public Relations Society of America and the American Public Relations Association.
 I was surprised and sorry to find in your issue of March 4 a long and detailed attack upon a book that had not yet been published.
 Representatives of Harvard University Press, which is publishing the book this month of April, recognize and freely acknowledge that they invited such reaction by allowing Life magazine to print an excerpt from the book in advance of the book's publication date.
 Sawalisch also conducts " The Flying Dutch", opening July 24.
 " Parsifal" follows July 25, with Hans Knappertsbusch conducting, and he also conducts " Die Meistersinger", to be presented Aug. 8 and 12.
 The " Ring" cycles are July 26, 27, 28 and 30, and Aug. 21, 22, 23 and 25.
 Allied Arts Corporation first listed the Chicago dates as Dec. 4 thru 10.
 Later the Hurok office made it Dec. 8 thru 17, a nice, long booking for the full repertory.
 Allied Arts had booked Marlene Dietrich into McCormick Place Dec. 8 and 9.
 Allied Arts then notified us that the Kirov would cut short its Los Angeles booking, fly here to open Nov. 28, and close Dec. 2.
 The Kirov Ballet is firmly booked into the Shrine Auditorium, Los Angeles, Nov. 21 thru Dec. 4.
 Well, Allied Arts has booked Lena Horne there for a week starting Dec. 4.
 Paintings and drawings by Marie Moore of St. Thomas, Virgin Islands, are shown thru Nov. 5 at the Meadows Gallery, 3211 Ellis Av., week days, 3 p.m. to 8 p.m., Sundays 3 p.m. to 6 p.m., closed Mondays.
 An exhibition of Evelyn Cibula's paintings will open with a reception Nov. 5 at the Evanston Community center, 828 Davis St..
 Abstractions and semi-abstractions by Everett McNear are being exhibited by the University Gallery of Notre Dame until Nov. 5.
 At least this seemed to be the working hypothesis for " Chicago And All That Jazz", presented on NBC-TV Nov. 26.
 ( The first Metropolitan Opera broadcast on Dec. 9 will introduce her as Lucia.
 The ballet work is on the nose, especially in the opening number by " The New Ashmolean Marching Society and Students' Conservatory Band", along with a fiery and sultry Brazilian fantasia later.
 But he rejects, perhaps a little too sweepingly, the theory that disloyal and pro-Communist influences may have contributed to the policy of appeasing Stalin which persisted until after the end of the war and reached its high point at the Yalta Conference in February, 1945.
 The first of these involved the replacement of the Tsar by a liberal Provisional Government in March, 1917 ; ; the second, the seizure of power by the Bolsheviks ( who later called themselves Communists ) in November of the same year.
 Divided almost equally into two parts, it consisted of " The Evolution Of The Blues", narrated by Jon Hendricks, who had presented it last year at the Monterey, Calif., Jazz Festival, and an hour-long session of Maynard Ferguson and his orchestra, a blasting big band.
 Igor Oistrakh will be the next soloist on Feb. 4.
 London, July 4 -- For its final change of bill in its London season, the Leningrad State Kirov Ballet chose tonight to give one of those choreographic miscellanies known as a " gala program" at the Royal Opera House, Covent Garden.
 The current exhibition, which remains on view through Oct. 29, has tapped 14 major collections and many private sources.
 " Roots", the new play at the brand-new Mayfair Theater on 46th St. which has been made over from a night club, is about the intellectual and spiritual awakening of an English farm girl.
 Late September finds Quebec's color at its peak, especially in the Laurentian hills and in the area south of the St. Lawrence River.
 Ontario's foliage is most vivid from about Sept. 23 to Oct. 10, with both Muskoka ( 100 miles north of Toronto ) and Haliburton ( 125 miles northwest of Toronto ) holding color cavalcades starting Sept. 23.
 Vermont's sugar maples are scarlet from Sept. 25 to Oct. 15, and often hit a height in early October.
 In western Massachusetts and northwest Connecticut, the Berkshires are at their vibrant prime the first week of October.
 The Adirondacks blaze brightest in early October, choice routes being 9N from Saratoga up to Lake George and 73 and 86 in the Lake Placid area.
 Farther south in New York there is a heavy haze of color over the Catskills in mid-October, notably along routes 23 and 23A.
 About the same time the Alleghenies and Poconos in Pennsylvania are magnificent -- Renovo holds its annual Flaming Foliage Festival on Oct. 14, 15.
 New Jersey's color varies from staccato to pastel all the way from the Delaware Water Gap to Cape May.
 During the first half of October the Blue Ridge and other parts of the Appalachians provide a spectacle stretching from Maryland and West Virginia to Georgia.
 Michigan, Wisconsin and Minnesota have many superb stretches of color which reach their height from the last few days of September well into October, especially in their northern sections, e.g., Wisconsin's Vilas County whose Colorama celebration is Sept. 29-Oct. 8.
 Farther south, there are attractive patches all the way to the Ozarks, with some seasonal peaks as late as early November.
 Illinois' Shawnee National Forest, Missouri's Iron County and the maples of Hiawatha, Kan. should be at their best in mid-October.
 New Mexico's biggest is at Ruidoso Oct. 7, 8, while Alamogordo and Cloudcroft cooperate in similar trips Oct. 1.
 Every Wednesday night through Oct. 11 there will be an elaborate colored fountain display, with 229 nozzles throwing jets of water up to 130 feet.
 The Bayanihan Philippine Dance Company, with music and dances that depict the many facets of Filipino culture, opens its 60-city U.S. tour in San Francisco ( through Sept. 24 ) then, via one-night stands, moves on to Los Angeles ( Sept. 29 thru Oct. 1 ).
 With harvests in full swing, you can enjoy festivals for grapes at Sonoma, Calif. ( Sept. 22-24 ), as well as for cranberries at Bandon, Ore. ( Sept. 28 thru Oct. 1 ), for buckwheat at Kingwood, W. Va. ( Sept. 28-30 ), sugar cane at New Iberia, La. ( Sept. 29 thru Oct. 1 ) and tobacco at Richmond, Va. ( Sept. 23-30 ).
 The mule is honored at Benson, N.C. ( Sept. 22, 23 ) and at Boron, Calif. ( Sept. 24 thru Oct. 1 ), while the legend of the Maid of the Mist is celebrated at Niagara Falls through the 24th.
 There true yachtsmen often find November winds steadier, the waters cooler, the fish hungrier, and rivers more pleasant -- less turbulence and mud, and fewer floating logs.
 On Nov. 11, 12, racers will drive their flying shingles in 5-mile laps over its 500-mile speedboat course.
 The Corinthian Yacht Club in Tiburon launches its winter races Nov. 5.
 River cruising for small craft is ideal in November.
 This leader must be a man who lives above illusions that heretofore have shaped the foreign policy of the United States, namely that Russia will agree to a reunited Germany, that the East German government does not exist, that events in Japan in June 1960 were Communist-inspired, that the true government of China is in Formosa, that Mao was the evil influence behind Khrushchev at the Summit Conference in Paris in May 1960, and that either China or Russia wants or expects war.
 Says Keys : " Maybe if the idea got around again that obesity is immoral, the fat man would start to think".
 The Church Unity Octave, January 18-25, was enthusiastically devoted to prayer and discussion by the various churches.
 An amazing article in the Manchester Guardian of last November, entitled " Fate Of Redundant Churches", states than an Archbishops' Commission " reported last month that in the Church of England alone there are 790 churches which are redundant now, or will be in 20 years' time.
 The London Universe devoted its centenary issue last December 8 to mapping out various aspects of Catholic progress during the last one hundred years.
 On successive Sundays during October, 1960, Paul Ferris ( a non-Catholic ) wrote articles in the Observer depicting clergymen of the Church of England, the Church of Rome and the Nonconformist Church.
 Of course, the crowning event that has dramatically upset the traditional pattern of English religious history was the friendly visit paid by Dr. Fisher, then Anglican Archbishop of Canterbury, to the Vatican last December.
 Whenever New England liberalism is reminded of the dramatic confrontation of Parker and the fraternity on January 23, 1843 -- while it may defend the privilege of Chandler Robbins to demand that Parker leave the Association, while it may plead that Dr. N.L. Frothingham had every warrant for stating, " The difference between Trinitarians and Unitarians is a difference in Christianity ; ; the difference between Mr. Parker and the Association is a difference between no Christianity and Christianity" -- despite these supposed conclusive assurances, the modern liberal heaves repeatedly a sigh of relief, of positive thanksgiving, that the Association never quite brought itself officially to expel Parker.
 It is idle to ask why we are no longer disturbed if somebody, professing the deepest piety, decides anew that it is of no importance whether or not Christ transformed the water into wine at eleven A.M. on the third of August, A.D. 32.
 Maybe we are talking about them too much.
 The normal rate of suicides in East Berlin was one a day, but since the border was closed on August 13 it has jumped to 25 a day ! !
 Pope Leo 13, on the 13th day of December 1898, granted the following indulgences : " An indulgence of three hundred days is granted to all the Faithful who read the Holy Gospels at least a quarter of an hour.
 Pope Pius the Sixth, at Rome, in April, 1778, wrote the following : " The faithful should be excited to the reading of the Holy Scriptures : For these are the most abundant sources which ought to be left open to everyone, to draw from them purity of morals and of doctrine, to eradicate errors which are so widely disseminated in these corrupt times".
 Many of you are familiar, I'm sure, with the story of my early struggles : the fire in January, 1947, that destroyed everything -- even our precious list of subscribers.
 And now a million January Guideposts are in circulation.
 May He bless you all.
 Then one day, early in January, 1960, I sat down at my desk, and suddenly I was aware of the crucifix.
 The pansies I cherished most bloomed for me in February during a particularly cold winter.
 I started the seed in a flat in June and set out the little pansies in a cold frame.
 In response to the lengthening days of February they budded, then bloomed their 4-inch velvety flowers.
 Like strawberries in December, pansies are far more exciting in February than in May.
 Percy Roberts, a leading judge will not be at the International Show this year for the Junior Judging Contest as he has been invited to judge in Australia in March.
 For some unusual photographic subjects, if your vacation takes you nearby, try these events : the 600-mile auto race in Charlotte, N.C.,, on May 27 ; ; the Florida Folk Festival, White Springs, May 5-7 ; ; Singing On The Mountain in Linville, North Carolina, on June 25.
 Special events and their dates which will make interesting shooting in the Midwest area, include the following : A re-enactment of the Battle of Lexington, May 18th at Lexington, Missouri ; ; the world-renowned 500-mile auto race at Indianapolis, Indiana, plus a festival from May 27-30 ; ; " Song Of Hiawatha", in Elgin, Illinois, from June 20 to 24th.
 Michigan offers the lovely Tulip Festival in Holland, Michigan, May 12-14 ; ; the USGA Open in Birmingham from June 15-17 ; ; and the International Freedom Festival in Detroit, June 29 thru July 4.
 For early vacationers there's the fun-filled Fishing Derby in Hot Springs, Arkansas, April 19-23, and the Arkansas Band Festival in Hot Springs, April 20-22.
 On May 11,330, A.D.,, its name was changed again, this time to Constantinople after its emperor, Constantine.
 The matter was considered and reconsidered, and finally opposed, but in spite of many objections, the Court granted a charter on January 9, 1792.
 On November 26 of that year the bridge was completed and opened.
 Its original appearance is shown in an engraving published in the " Massachusetts Magazine" in May 1793, which is reproduced herewith ( Fig. 1 ).
 A dinner and celebration in honor of this piece of engineering took place July 4, 1793, in a tavern erected by the corporation on the island.
 An advertisement in the " Newburyport Herald", December 21, 1810, shows Palmer in a new light as an expert on chain bridges.
 It fell, February 6, 1827, carrying with it a horse and wagon, two men and four oxen.
 In spite of this catastrophe, the bridge was rebuilt on the same plan and opened again on July 17, 1827.
 Sturdy and strong after more than a century of continuous use, the old covered, wooden bridge that spans the Tygartis Valley River at Philippi will have a distinctive part in the week-long observance of the first land battle of the Civil War at its home site, May 28th to June 3rd.
 This covered, wooden bridge is so closely identified with the first action in the early morning of June 3, 1861, and with subsequent troop movements of both armies in the Philippi area that it has become a part and parcel of the war story.
 But what the elements could not do was seriously threatened when Brigadier General William E. ( Grumble ) Jones reached Philippi while on the famous Jones-Imboden raid in May, 1863.
 Centering around this historic old structure, a group of public-spirited Barbour County citizens have organized and planned a week-long series of events, beginning on May 28th and continuing through June 3rd, to observe most appropriately the centennial of the first land engagement of the Civil War at Philippi.
 We want to know when the Potlatches telephone exactly how many they are planning to bring, so that we won't end up with a splashing mob that looks like Coney Island in August.
 Your invitation to write about Serge Prokofieff to honor his 70th Anniversary for the April issue of Sovietskaya Muzyka is accepted with pleasure, because I admire the music of Prokofieff ; ; and with sober purpose, because the development of Prokofieff personifies, in many ways, the course of music in the Union of Soviet Socialist Republics.
 April 10 marked a memorable date in New York's musical history -- indeed in the musical history of the entire eastern United States.
 When I looked up the actual date of his birth and found it to be March 15th, I realized that Roy was born under the right zodiacal sign for a watercolorist : the water sign of Pisces ( February 18 thru March 20 ).
 And how very often a water plane is featured in his landscapes, and how appropriate that he should appear in American Artist again, in his natal month of March ! !
 He was born in the small Danish town of Rudkoebing on the island of Langeland in the south-central part of Denmark on August 14, 1777.
 In May, 1803, Ritter, in another flight of fancy, wrote to Oersted a letter that contained a remarkable prophecy.
 In February 1801, Oersted did manage to experiment with physical apparatus and reported experiments made with a voltaic battery of 600 plates of zinc and silver and of later experiments with a battery of 60 plates of zinc and lead.
 Its editors only knew of one example to point to, a public housing development of 278 homes in New Haven described by John Schulz in the March, 1950 issue.
 Only eight of the 50 houses were completed at the time of the editor's visit on June 8th ; ; others were building.
 She was the John Harvey, one of those Atlantic sea-horses that had sailed to Bari to bring beans, bombs, and bullets to the U.S. Fifteenth Air Force, to Field Marshal Montgomery's Eighth Army then racing up the calf of the boot of Italy in that early December of 1943.
 The John Harvey arrived in Bari, a port on the Adriatic, on November 28th, making for Porto Nuovo, which, as the name indicates, was the ancient city's new and modern harbor.
 To silence extremists, to warn the Axis, President Roosevelt issued this statement for the Allies in August : " From time to time since the present war began there have been reports that one or more of the Axis powers were seriously contemplating use of poisonous gas or noxious gases or other inhumane devices of warfare.
 It was the night of December 2, 1943, and it was growing dark in Bari.
 On November 24th, they had made a raid on La Maddalena.
 From fourteen states and three foreign countries they come to spend the months from mid-September to June.
 The carrots sometimes don't make it through the winter ; ; the cabbage and squash keep until March or April.
 Lots of cheese made from June grass milk is served.
 Wires whined as a cold November blast rocked the silver wings, but the engine roar was reassuring to the pilot bundled in the open cockpit.
 Rain of near cloudburst proportions had fallen for three full days and it was still raining on the morning of Friday, November 4, 1927, when officials of the Post Office Department's Railway Mail Service realized that their distribution system for Vermont had been almost totally destroyed overnight.
 With these aids, and a pair of skiis substituting for wheels on the Waco, Bob Fogg made the first landing on what is now part of the Barre-Montpelier Airport on November 21, 1927.
 Maybe you will surprise yourself.
 Maybe that's your forte.
 Last May, they said, she admitted being a prostitute.
 It was September 20, 1960, in a lavishly decorated apartment littered with liquor bottles.
 Maybe an entire scene comes into consciousness, with action and motion, or a static view : " a house under a pine tree, with a little stone path going up to the door".
 The infamous Wansee Conference called by Heydrich in January 1942, to organize the material and technical means to put to death the eleven million Jews spread throughout the nations of Europe, was attended by representatives of major organs of the German state, including the Reich Minister of the Interior, the State Secretary in charge of the Four Year Plan, the Reich Minister of Justice, the Under Secretary of Foreign Affairs.
 In March, 1931, 22 out of 28 members of a committee of the Federal Council of Churches ratified artificial methods of birth control.
 This development is reflected in the action taken in February, 1961, by the general board of the National Council of Churches, the largest Protestant organization in the A[fj].
 On April 17, 1610, the sturdy little three-masted bark, Discovery, weighed anchor in St. Katherine's Pool, London, and floated down the Thames toward the sea.
 Seventeen months later, on September 6, 1611, an Irish fishing boat sighted the Discovery limping eastward outside Galway Bay.
 On May 11, she reached Iceland.
 Early in June, the Discovery passed " Desolation" ( southern Greenland ) and in mid-June entered the " Furious Overfall".
 All through July the Discovery picked her way along the 450-mile-long strait, avoiding ice and rocky islands.
 On August 3, two massive headlands reared out of the mists -- great gateways never before, so far as Hudson knew, seen by Europeans.
 The trial was held September 10.
 The grant, which stretched southward to Lake Traverse -- the headwaters of the Red -- was made in May, 1811, and by October of that year a small group of Scots was settling for the winter at York Factory on Hudson Bay.
 Seven hundred miles south of York Factory, at " the Forks" of the Red and the Assiniboine, twenty-three men located a settlement in August 1812.
 By October the little colony about Fort Douglas ( present-day Winnipeg ) numbered 100.
 In September 1817 at Fort Daer ( Pembina ) Dickson met the noble lord whom, with the help of a band of Sioux, he escorted to Prairie Du Chien.
 Upon arriving at Baltimore, Selkirk on December 22 wrote to John Quincy Adams, Secretary of State at Washington, inquiring about laws covering trade with " Missouri and Illinois Territories".
 In 1819 grasshoppers again destroyed the crop at " the Forks" ( Fort Douglas ) and in December 1819, twenty men left Fort Daer for the most northerly American outpost at Prairie Du Chien.
 They reached Fort Douglas in June 1820.
 In September 1822 two companies of infantry arrived at the mouth of the St. Peter's River, the head of navigation on the Mississippi, and began construction of Fort St. Anthony which, upon completion, was renamed in honor of its commander, Colonel Josiah Snelling.
 Bailly, after leaving Fort Snelling in August 1821, was forced to leave some of the cattle at the Hudson's Bay Company's post on Lake Traverse " in the Sieux Country" and reached Fort Garry, as the Selkirk Hudson's Bay Company center was now called, late in the fall.
 Accordingly Selkirk's agents ordered the settlers to move north, and by October, John Halkett had torn down both posts, floating the timber to " the Forks" in rafts.
 After heavy rains and an onslaught of mice, snow fell on October 15, 1825, and remained on the ground through a winter so cold that the ice on the Red was five feet thick.
 In April came a rapid thaw that produced high waters which did not recede until mid-June.
 On June 24 more than 400 families started the three-month trip across the plains to the Mississippi.
 Its people, including Pierre Bottineau and other American Fur Company employees and the refugees from Fort Garry, were joined by the remaining Scots and Swiss from Fort Snelling when Major Joseph Plympton expelled them from the reservation in May 1840.
 In June 1845, the Governor and Council of Assiniboia imposed a 20 per cent duty on imports via Hudson's Bay which were viewed as aimed at the " very vitals of the Company's trade and power".
 This trade was subject to a tariff of 7.5 per cent after February 1835, but much was smuggled into Assiniboia with the result that the duty was reduced by 1841 to 4 per cent on the initiative of the London committee.
 A Yank writing from Vicksburg, May 28, 1863, stated : " not less than 50 balls have passed over me since I commenced writing.
 On December 9, 1862, Sergeant Edwin H. Fay, an unusual Louisianan who held A.B. and M.A. degrees from Harvard University and who before the war was headmaster of a private school for boys in Louisiana, wrote his wife : " I saw Pemberton and he is the most insignificant puke I ever saw.
 As part of the same arrangement, Torrio had, in the spirit of peace and good will, and in exchange for armed support in the April election campaign, bestowed upon O'Banion a third share in the Hawthorne Smoke Shop proceeds and a cut in the Cicero beer trade.
 But as November 1924 drew close the Democratic hierarchy was sorely troubled by grapevine reports that O'Banion was being wooed by the opposition, and was meeting and conferring with important Republicans.
 When Mayor Dever heard of the banquet he summoned Hughes for an explanation of why he had been dishonouring the police department by consorting with these felons and fixers.
 On Election Day -- November 4 -- he energetically marshalled his force of bludgeon men, bribers, and experts in forging repeat votes.
 When, as a diplomatic gesture of amity and in payment for the loan of gunmen in the April election, Torrio had given O'Banion a slice of Cicero, the profits from that district had been $ 20,000 a month.
 One of the most damaging tsunami on record followed the famous Lisbon earthquake of November 1, 1755 ; ; its waves persisted for a week and were felt as far away as the English coast.
 On November 4, 1952, an earthquake occurred under the sea off the Kamchatka Peninsula.
 At twelve minutes after five on the morning of Wednesday, April 18, 1906, San Francisco was shaken by a severe earthquake.
 When the Korean war began, on June 25, 1950, the anniversary of the day Custer had gone down fighting at the Little Big Horn and the day the regiment had assaulted the beachhead of Leyte during World War 2,, the 7th Cavalry was not in the best fighting condition.
 At 6 o'clock on the morning of August 12, they were in doubt no longer.
 This damage had been done in the battle of Vientiane, fought less than three months earlier when four successive governments had ruled here in three days ( December 9-11, 1960 ).
 And now, in March, all Laos suffered a state of siege.
 Early in January, 1844 he had a conference with Henry and William in New Orleans, and upon learning of Gorham's intention, Henry remonstrated calmly but firmly with his brother.
 In March there was a division of the slaves, and Giffen carried out his instructions as nearly as possible.
 On March 11 the Louisiana legislature voted unanimously to table the petition.
 His duties as Massachusetts Secretary of State obliged him to wait until the adjournment of the legislature in mid-April.
 When a sailing date of March, 1845 was finally established, Palfrey made sure that the Negroes would have comfortable quarters in New Orleans and aboard ship.
 The plantation was sold in January, 1845, and Palfrey thought the new owner ought to pay his people two months' wages.
 On March 21, 1845 the bark Bashaw weighed anchor at New Orleans, while on the levee Henry and William Palfrey waved farewell to their father's former chattels who must have looked back at the receding shore with mingled regret and jubilation.
 One tempest was stirred up last March when Udall announced that an eight-and-a-half-foot bronze statue of William Jennings Bryan, sculpted by the late Gutzon Borglum, would be sent " on indefinite loan" to Salem, Illinois, Bryan's birthplace.
 Many years later ( on August 3, 1915 ), Lucy Upton wrote Winslow's daughter soon to be graduated from Smith College : " While I love botany which, after dabbling in for years, I studied according to the methods of that day exactly forty years ago in a summer school, it must be fascinating to take up zoology in the way you are doing.
 When Dr. Wallace Buttrick, wise in his judgment of people, declined to have the Science Building named for him, he wrote Miss Tapley ( April 7, 1923 ) " If you had asked me, I think I would have suggested that you name the building for Miss Upton.
 At the meeting of the Board of Trustees, on March 3, 1910, Miss Upton presented the annual report of the President.
 Miss Mary Jane Packard, Sophia's half-sister, became ill in March, 1910 ; ; and when school closed, she was unable to travel to Massachusetts.
 She remained in Atlanta through June and July ; ; she died on August sixth.
 For such an emergency he had included Fourth-of-July cannon crackers as part of their equipment.
 While fifty years before, Albert Goodwill Spalding, secretary of the Chicago Ball Club of the National League, could write earnestly to the manager of the Buffalo club and request a guarantee of one hundred dollars for a baseball game in August, in this Golden Era a game at the Yankee Stadium might bring in nearly a hundred thousand dollars at the gate.
 Ruth himself, still owning his farm in Massachusetts and an interest in the Massachusetts cigar business that printed his round boyish face on the wrappers, had led the parade down from Fenway Park, followed by pitchers Carl Mays, Leslie " Joe" Bush, Waite Hoyt, Herb Pennock, and Sam Jones, catcher Wally Schang, third baseman Joe Dugan ( who completed the " playboy trio" of Ruth, Dugan, and Hoyt ), and shortstop Everett Scott.
 In 1912 the United States Supreme Court adopted a new set of rules of equity which became effective on February 1, 1913.
 The majestic circular tiers of stone of the Theatre of Marcellus give you some idea of the huge edifice that the Emperor Augustus erected in 13 B.C..
 In January, 1731, the company asked the crown to relieve it of the government of the colony.
 Our meeting took place in May, 1961, during one of the Maestro's stop-overs in New York, before he left for Europe.
 Writing to Speed on August 24, 1855, Lincoln made the latter point clear.
 But though each of its members had asserted this right against the Union, the final Constitution which the Confederacy signed on March 11 -- nearly a month before hostilities began -- included no explicit provision authorizing a state to secede.
 In his Message of December 2, 1862, he put his purpose and his policy in these words -- which I would call the Lincoln Law of Liberty-and-Union : " In giving freedom to the slave, we assure freedom to the free".
 Take Augustine's doctrine of grace given and grace withheld : have you pondered the dramatic qualities in this theology ? ?
 I have no picture in my mind of the garden as a whole -- that I could not see -- but certain aspects of certain corners linger in the memory : wind-blown, frost-bitten, white chrysanthemums beneath a window, with their brittle brown leaves and their sharp scent of November ; ; ripe pears lying in long grass, to be turned over by a dusty-slippered foot, cautiously, lest bees still worked in the ragged, brown-edged holes ; ; hot-colored verbenas in the corner between the dining-room wall and the side porch, where we passed on our way to the pump with the half-gourd tied to it as a cup by my grandmother for our childish pleasure in drinking from it.
 The street that is full now of traffic and parked cars then and for many years drowsed on an August afternoon in the shade of the curbside trees, and silence was a weight, almost palpable, in the air.
 There is a legend ( Hawthorne records it in his " English Notebooks". And one finds it again in Thomas Nelson Page ) to the effect that the Mayflower on its second voyage brought a cargo of Negro slaves.
 Like his friend and contemporary August Strindberg he had little patience with collective mediocrity.
 May we state with confidence that in such an exhibition a republic will find its greatest security ? ?
 Nothing testifies more clearly to that cleavage than the peculiar editorial page appearing in a July issue of Life Magazine, the issue which also carried the second announcement of the candidacy.
 " I may possibly be a greater risk than is the normal person of my age", the President had said on February 29th of the election year, ignoring the fact that no one of his age had ever lived out another term.
 Ironically no president we have had would have regretted more than President Eisenhower the possibility to which his own words, in the press conference held at the beginning of August, testified : that unable as he was himself to say his running was best for the country, unconsciously he had placed his party before his nation.
 What is simply an opinion formed in defiance of the laws of human probability, whether or not it is later confirmed, has become by September of the election year " a firm conviction".
 He had taken out first papers for American citizenship ; ; but after war came to Europe, he decided to return to France, arriving there in January, 1940.
 In June, 1940, Sergeant Helion, with a company of reserve troops waiting to go into battle, was sketching the hills south of the Loire River, when the war suddenly rolled in upon him.
 Augustus Baldwin Longstreet, a preacher and a college and university president in four Southern states, published the earliest of these backwoods sketches and in the character Ransy Sniffle, in the accounts of sharp horse-trading and eye-gouging physical combat, and in the shockingly unliterary speech of his characters, he set an example followed by many after him.
 And she wrote the libretto for an oratorio on the subject of Judas Maccabeus performed at the Hanukkah festival which came in December.
 In September'76 Thomas Huxley, Darwin's famous disciple, came from England to speak in a crowded auditorium at the formal opening of the University ; ; and although it was a school for men only, it afforded Henrietta an opportunity to attend its public lectures.
 1880s : " little women" " we've got Father and Mother and each other" said Beth on the first page of Louisa Alcott's Little Women ; ; and, " I do think that families are the most beautiful things in all the world", burst out Jo some five hundred pages later in that popular story of the March family, which had first appeared when Henrietta was eight ; ; and the Szold family, as it developed, bore a striking resemblance to the Marches.
 Mr. March, like Benjamin Szold, was a clergyman, although of an indeterminate denomination ; ; and " Marmee" March, like Sophie Szold, was the competent manager of her brood of girls, of whom the Marches had only four to the Szolds' five.
 But the March girls had their counterparts in the Szold girls.
 Henrietta could easily identify herself with Jo March, although Jo was not the eldest sister.
 Bertha Szold was more like Meg, the eldest March girl, who " learned that a woman's happiest kingdom is home, her highest honor the art of ruling it, not as a queen, but a wise wife and mother".
 Sadie, like Beth March, suffered ill health -- got rheumatic fever and had to be careful of her heart -- but that never dampened her spirits.
 Adele, like Amy, the youngest of the Marches, was the rebellious, mischievous, rather calculating and ambitious one.
 For Rachel, conceded to be the prettiest of the Szold girls -- and she did make a pretty picture sitting in the grape-arbor strumming her guitar and singing in her silvery tones -- there was no particular March counterpart ; ; but both groups were so closely knit that despite individual differences the family life in both cases was remarkably similar in atmosphere if not entirely in content -- the one being definitely Jewish and the other vaguely Christian.
 The Szolds, like the Marches, enjoyed and loved living together, even in troubled times ; ; and, as in the March home, any young man who called on the Szolds found himself confronted with a phalanx of femininity which made it rather difficult to direct his particular attention to any one of them.
 And just as " Laurie" Lawrence was first attracted to bright Jo March, who found him immature by her high standards, and then had to content himself with her younger sister Amy, so Joe Jastrow, who had also been writing Henrietta before he came to Johns Hopkins, had to content himself with her younger sister, pretty Rachel.
 And like Jo March, who saw her sisters Meg and Amy involved in " lovering" before herself, Henrietta saw her sisters Rachel and Sadie drawn outside their family circle by the attraction of suitors, Rachel by Joe Jastrow, and Sadie by Max Lobl, a young businessman who would write her romantic descriptions of his trips by steamboat down the Mississippi.
 One of the most distressing of these scenes occurred at Spring Green toward the end of the open warfare, on a beautiful day in June.
 In answer to a New York Times query on what is fame ( " Thoughts On Fame", October 23, 1960 ), Carl said : " Fame is a figment of a pigment.
 She knelt out of reverence for having read the Meditations of St. Augustine.
 Paula generously lent me one of Carl's love letters, dated February 21, 1908, Hotel Athearn, Oshkosh, Wisconsin : " Dear Miss Steichen : It is a very good letter you send me -- softens the intensity of this guerilla warfare I am carrying on up here.
 The group, upon the issuance of its first press release on December 21, 1957, designated itself a " Committee of Investigation".
 Its second press release was on January 15, 1958, and it recommended that the secret papers be destroyed.
 On January 18, Ernest Gross conducted a press conference at the U.N. lasting an hour.
 This conference was held despite Stavropoulos' assurance to Adolf Berle, who was leaving the same day for Puerto Rico, that nothing would be done until his return on January 22, except that the Secretary General would probably order the list destroyed.
 On January 24 Paul Bang-Jensen, accompanied by Adolf Berle, was met by Dragoslav Protitch and Colonel Frank Begley, former Police Chief of Farmington, Conn., and now head of U.N. special police.
 Ernest A. Gross leaned back in his chair and told Peter Marshall how Secretary General Dag Hammarskjold had, on December 4, 1957, called him in as a private lawyer to review Bang-Jensen's conduct " relating to his association with the Special Committee on the problem of Hungary".
 " Well, as a matter of fact, I've looked through back-issue files of New York papers for December, 1957, and haven't found a great deal" -- Gross shot another look at Marshall.
 The January fifteen report recommended that Bang-Jensen be instructed to burn the list -- the papers -- in the presence of a U.N. Security Officer".
 from the home of his friend, Henrik Kauffmann, in Washington, D.C., Paul Bang-Jensen sent a telegram dated December 9, 1957, to Ernest Gross.
 By now she was sure she was going to have a baby, deciding it would be born in India or Burma that November.
 When May came the Caravan had already crossed the Equator.
 By early June they were a hundred miles off the coast of Ceylon, by which time all four missionaries were hardened seafarers.
 Land was near, and on June 12, one hundred and fourteen days after leaving America, they actually saw, twenty miles away, the coast of Orissa.
 Founded August 24, 1690 by Job Charnock of the East India Company, and commonly called " The City of Palaces", it seemed a vast and elegant place to Ann Hasseltine Judson.
 On December 21, the day that the Irish House of Commons petitioned for removal of Sir Constantine Phipps, their Tory Lord Chancellor, Molesworth reportedly made this remark on the defense of Phipps by Convocation : " They that have turned the world upside down, are come hither also".
 The preliminaries ended with the publication of Steele's Crisis on January 19, and from that point on the fight proceeded at a rapid pace.
 The final issue of the Englishman, No. 57 for February 15, ran to some length and was printed as a separate pamphlet, entitled The Englishman : Being the Close of the Paper So-called.
 On February 16, Steele took his seat in Parliament.
 If nothing else, at least two good songs came out of the project, " Out Of This World" and " June Comes Around Every Year".
 By September 1940 the Suite had developed into a collection of six songs, " four spirituals, a dream, and a lullaby".
 May I say that you have just demonstrated the truth of an old proverb -- the younger Pliny's, if memory serves me -- which, translated freely from the archaic Latin, says,' The more haste, the less peed'".
 The first royalty whom Mama ever waited on in the White House was Queen Marie of Rumania, who came to a State dinner given in her honor on October 21, 1926.
 A contrast of the scripture reading of, let us say, St. Augustine, John Bunyan, and Thomas Jefferson, all three of whom found in such study a real source of enlightenment, can tell us a great deal about these three men and the age that each represented and helped bring to conscious expression.
 On April 10, 1904, his first child was born, a son named George after the late Senator.
 Hearst saw his wife and child, sent a joyful message to his mother in California, and soon returned to Washington, where on April 22, for the first time, he opened his mouth in Congress.
 " May we come with you" ? ? Called out a dozen young voices.
 As it began raining at around eight o'clock on December 26th, I retired into my tent early, somewhat tired and discouraged, my body reacting sluggishly because of the continued exposure.
 May we have a word with you" ? ?
 On the evening of December 27th, Esther noticed my pallid look and rasping voice.
 Maybe they will take us".
 The dispatch must have been sent after sundown on September 1.
 On the morning of September 2 the Fourth Corps and the Armies of the Tennessee and the Ohio followed the line of Hardee's retreat.
 In the midst of this gloom, at 10:05 P.M. on September 2, Slocum's telegram to Stanton, " General Sherman has taken Atlanta", shattered the talk of a negotiated peace and boosted Lincoln into the White House.
 From the night of August 30 to the morning of September 2 there was no Union cavalry east of the Macon railway to disclose to Sherman that he was missing the greatest opportunity of his career.
 Consequently, on October 31, 1896, Mrs. King wrote to Thompson, quite against her daughter's wishes, asking him not to " recommence a correspondence which I believe has been dropped for some weeks".
 After Thompson came to London to live, he received a letter from Katie, which was dated February 8, 1897.
 It is difficult to say what Thompson expected would come of their relationship, which had begun so soon after his emotions had been stirred by Maggie Brien, but when Katie wrote on April 11, 1900, to tell him that she was to be married to the Rev. Godfrey Burr, the vicar of Rushall in Staffordshire, the news evidently helped to deepen his discouragement over the failure of his hopes for a new volume of verse.
 In a letter to Meynell, which was written in June, less than a month before Katie's wedding, he was highly melodramatic in his despair and once again announced his intention of returning to the life of the streets : " A week in arrears, and without means to pay, I must go, it is the only right thing.
 Thompson, of course, was persuaded not to take the " terrible step" ; ; Meynell once again paid his debts and it was Katie, rather than Thompson, whose life was soon ended, for she died in childbirth in April, 1901, in the first year of her marriage.
 By June 19, 1788, he had presented himself to its Commander in Chief, the Governor of the Southern Provinces, the Director of the War College -- The Prince.
 Representing the Emperor were the Prince De Ligne, still as impetuous as a youth of twenty ; ; and General the Count Pallavicini, founder of the Austrian branch of that celebrated Italian house, a courtier Littlepage could have met at Madrid in December, 1780.
 So persistent were these attacks that in March of the following year, Woodruff was finally moved to action, and Pike was to learn his first lesson in frontier politics, the subtle art of diversion.
 Pike was stunned by the first blast against his character, which was published in the March 4th issue of The Gazette under the name " Vale".
 Outraged, he used the Advocate of March 7th for a denial, sending immediately to Santa Fe and Van Buren for documents to vindicate himself, and demanding that Woodruff reveal the name of this perfidious slanderer who disguised himself under a pastoral pseudonym.
 On April 11th he wrote an open letter in The Advocate, making it known " to the world that Jas. W. Robinson is by his own admission a base liar and a slanderer".
 This warm relationship came to an abrupt end in June of 1834 when the National Congress appropriated $ 3,000 for compiling and printing the laws of Arkansas Territory, and, taking note of the recent wave of corruption in the legislature, left it to the governor to award the contract.
 Considering the governor's act a personal rebuff, he aired his feelings in The Gazette on August 26, 1834 : : " We think the governor treated us rather shabbily, to say the least of it.
 As summer cooled into fall and winter, even so the relationship between the two men continued to grow colder by the day, and by December of 1834 it was icy.
 On January 28, 1835, Andrew Jackson removed Pope from office and elevated Territorial Secretary William S. Fulton to the position.
 Very soon after his arrival in Little Rock, Pike had joined one of the most influential organizations in town, the Little Rock Debating Society, and it was with this group that he made his debut as an orator, being invited to deliver the annual Fourth of July address the club sponsored every year.
 With his wife and three or more children he arrived in Boston in March, 1637, and soon found it was no place for anyone looking for liberty of conscience.
 He left in a storm for Pocasset, December 4, 1638.
 When, in March, 1640, the two towns were united under Coddington, Gorton claimed the union was irregular and illegally constituted and that it had never been sanctioned by the majority of freeholders.
 The attack started on October 2, 1643, and the Gortonists held out for a day and a night.
 The date was June 20, 1922.
 " W.O. Wolfe, prominent business man and pioneer resident of this section, died shortly after midnight Tuesday at his home 48 Spruce Street", the Asheville Times of Wednesday, June 21, announced.
 But things were worked out in the family and late in August he wrote Miss McCrady an explanatory letter in which he told her that matters at home had been in an unsettled condition after Papa's death and he had not known whether he would stay at home with Mama, accept the Northwestern job, or return to Harvard.
 That spring Welcome To Our City was selected for production by the 47 Workshop and it was staged in the middle of May.
 Well, the Theatre Guild kept that play, and kept it, and finally in December they turned it down.
 As I have said, words from Tennyson remain ever in my memory : " That mind and soul, according well, May make one music as before".
 From New Jersey, Morgan hastened to the headquarters of Washington at Whitemarsh, Pennsylvania, arriving there on November 18th.
 On the morning of November 17th, Cornwallis and 2,000 men had left Philadelphia with the object of capturing Fort Mercer at Red Bank, New Jersey.
 In late December, the American army moved from Whitemarsh to Valley Forge, and although the distance was only 13 miles, the journey took more than a week because of the bad weather, the barefooted and almost naked men.
 There must have been special feelings of joy and patriotism in the heart of Daniel Morgan too, when the news was received on April 30th of the recognition by France of the independence of the United States.
 On May 6th, Morgan, who had returned, received from Washington orders to " send out patrols under vigilant officers" to keep near the enemy.
 Washington evidently was anxious for Morgan to be cautious as well as aggressive, for on May 17th, 18th and 20th he admonished the leader of the riflemen-rangers to be on the alert.
 Obviously the commander-in-chief had confidence that Morgan would furnish him good intelligence too, for on the 23rd of May, he told Morgan that the British were prepared to move, perhaps in the night, and asked Morgan to have two of his best horses ready to dispatch to General Smallwood with the intelligence obtained.
 Colonel Benjamin Ford wrote to Morgan from Wilmington that he understood a Mrs. Sanderson from Maryland had obtained permission from Smallwood to visit Philadelphia, and would return on May 26th, escorted by several officers from Maryland " belonging to the new levies in the British service".
 A second truce had been arbitrated in April, 1298, by Jean D'Arlay, lord of Chalon-sur-Saone, the most staunch of Edward's Burgundian allies, and these last were represented in the discussions at the Curia by Gautier de Montfaucon, Othon's neighbor and a member of the Vaudois coalition.
 After Kahn's death in 1924 Scott wrote : " May he rest in peace with the eternal gratitude of his adopted country".
 In spite of powerful opposition the Draft Act finally passed Congress on May 17, 1917.
 In early June ten million young men registered by name and number.
 On July 20, the first drawing of numbers occurred in the Senate Office Building before a distinguished group of congressmen and high Army officers.
 To the middle of September 1918, there had been fewer than 10,000 deaths from disease in the new army.
 In mid-September 1918, the influenza-pneumonia pandemic swept through every American military camp ; ; during the eight-week blitz attack 25,000 soldiers died from the disease and the death rate ( formerly 5 per year per 1,000 men ) increased almost fifty times to 4 per week per 1,000 men.
 At Milcote on November 3, 1597, the aldermen asked him to support their petition for a new charter.
 In his letter mentioning Shakespeare on January 24, 15978, Sturley asked Quiney especially that " theare might ( be ) bi Sir Ed. Grev. some meanes made to the Knightes of the Parliament for an ease and discharge of such taxes and subsedies wherewith our towne is like to be charged, and I assure u I am in great feare and doubte bi no meanes hable to paie.
 The knights for Warwickshire in this parliament, which ended its session on February 9, were Fulke Greville ( the poet ) and William Combe of Warwick, as Fulke Greville and Edward Greville had been in 1593.
 The corporation voted on September 27, 1598, that Quiney should ride to London about the suit to Sir John Fortescue, chancellor of the Exchequer, for discharging of the tax and subsidy.
 He had been in London for several weeks when he wrote to Shakespeare on October 25.
 Sturley on November 4 answered a letter from Quiney written on October 25 which imported, wrote Sturley, " that our countriman Mr. Wm. Shak. would procure us monei : which I will like of as I shall heare when, wheare & howe : and I prai let not go that occasion if it mai sort to ani indifferent condicions.
 Sturley quoted Quiney as having written on November 1 that if he had " more monei presente much might be done to obtaine our Charter enlargd, ij faires more, with tole of corne, bestes, and sheepe, and a matter of more valewe then all that".
 Adrian Quiney wrote to his son Richard on October 29 and again perhaps the next day, since the bearer of the letter, the bailiff, was expected to reach London on November 1.
 His letter of October 26 named two of the men about whom Quiney had written to Shakespeare the day before.
 Further letters in November mention that Sir Edward paid forty pounds.
 The queen agreed on December 17, a warrant was signed on January 27, and the Exchequer paid Quiney his expenses on February 27, 15989.
 When Sir Edward Greville enclosed the town commons on the Bancroft, Quiney and others leveled his hedges on January 21, 16001, and were charged with riot by Sir Edward.
 Accompanied by " Master Greene our solicitor" ( Thomas Greene of the Middle Temple, Shakespeare's " cousin" ), Quiney tried to consult Sir Edward Coke, attorney general, and gave money to a clerk and a doorkeeper " that we might have access to their master for his counsel butt colde nott have him att Leasure by the reason of thees trobles" ( the Essex rising on February 8 ).
 Quiney was in London again in June, 1601, and in November, when he rode up, as Shakespeare must often have done, by way of Oxford, High Wycombe, and Uxbridge, and home through Aylesbury and Banbury.
 After Quiney was elected bailiff in September, 1601, without Greville's approval, Greene wrote him that Coke had promised to be of counsel for Stratford and had advised " that the office of bayly may be exercised as it is taken upon you, ( Sr. Edwardes his consent not beinge hadd to the swearinge of you )".
 As a naturalist living for two years at the headwaters of the Amazon, he had collected specimens for Mexican museums, and he had taken to the London zoo a live quetzal, the sacred bird of the old Mayans.
 He went to the Hotel Mayflower and telegraphed Mencken.
 On January 4, with the boys back at school and college, Mrs. Lewis wrote Harcourt to say that she was " through, quite through".
 on January 8, 1927, he returned to the Grosvenor in high spirits, and looking fit.
 Lewis was spending his mornings, with the help of two secretaries, on the galleys of that long novel, making considerable revisions, and the combination of hard work and hard frivolity exhausted him once more, so that he was compelled to spend three days in the Harbor Sanatorium in the last week of January.
 Blackman was to be in New York by February 2, because they were sailing at 12:01 next morning.
 But his rancor did not cease, and presently, on March 13, when he preached a sermon on the text, " And Ben-hadad Was Drunk", he told his congregation how disappointed he was in Mr. Lewis, how he regretted having had him in his house, and how he should have been warned by the fact that the novelist was drunk all the time that he was working on the book.
 He was ordained deacon 16 June and priest 22 December 1633.
 The third name was ( John ) Ravencroft, who was admitted to the Inner Temple in November 1631.
 The fourth name was ( John ) Milton of Christ's College, followed by ( Richard ) Manningham of Peterhouse, who matriculated 16 October 1624.
 ( John ) Boutflower of Christ's was twelfth in the list, coming from Perse School under Mr. Lovering as pensioner 20 April 1625 under Mr. Alsop.
 The fourteenth name was ( Richard ) Buckenham, written Buckman, admitted to Christ's College under Scott 2 July 1625.
 The fifteenth name was ( Thomas ) Baldwin, admitted to Christ's 4 March 1625 under Alsop.
 Lines 23-36 of Lycidas later point to a friendship with Edward King, who entered Christ's College 9 June 1626.
 When they lost it, the French artillery moved in, and that was the end for Garibaldi that time, on 30 April 1849.
 The apartment where we were talking that afternoon in March faced onto the street Garibaldi's men had charged up and along.
 The English lady really wanted to put a wreath on the Garibaldi monument on the 30th of April.
 Maybe I could call Rimanelli at the magazine Rottosei where he worked.
 Petitioner registered with Local Board No. 9, Boulder, Colorado, on March 17, 1952.
 On November 13, 1952, he was classified in Class 1-a.
 On November 22, 1952, he wrote the Board, protesting this classification.
 On April 1, 1953, after some six months of full-time " pioneering", petitioner discontinued devoting 100 hours a month to preaching, but failed to so notify his local board.
 In a periodic review, the local board on July 30, 1953, reclassified him 1-a and upheld this classification after a personal appearance by petitioner, because of his willingness to kill in defense of his church and home.
 Upon administrative approval of the reclassification, he was ordered to report for induction on June 11, 1956, but failed to do so.
 On March 21, 1957, however, the Department recommended approval of the 1-a classification.
 Its ground for this recommendation was that, while petitioner claimed before the local board August 17, 1956 ( as evidenced by its memorandum in his file of that date ), that he was devoting 100 hours per month to actual preaching, the headquarters of the Jehovah's Witnesses reported that he was no longer doing so and, on the contrary, had relinquished both his Pioneer and Bible Student Servant positions.
 May I add a caution on this particular point ? ?
 The 1958 military pay act departed from this established formula by providing for a 6 % increase rather than a proportionate increase for everyone retired prior to its effective date of June 1, 1958.
 In the budget message for 1959, and again for 1960, I recommended immediate repeal of section 601 of the Act of September 28, 1951 ( 65 Stat. 365 ).
 Under this Agreement the first annual review of rice availabilities will be made in August 1960.
 4. The two Governments agree that the issuance of purchase authorizations for wheat and rice providing for purchase after June 30, 1961, shall be dependent upon the determination by the United States Government that these commodities are in surplus supply and available under Title 1, of the Act at that time.
 The United States Government shall have the right to terminate the financing of further sales under this Agreement of any commodity if it determines at any time after June 30, 1961, that such action is necessitated by the existence of an international emergency.
 Done at Washington in duplicate this fourth day of May 1960.
 See You May Claim A Refund, Page 135.
 April 15 is usually the final date for filing income tax returns for most people because they use the calendar year ending on December 31.
 If you use a fiscal year, a year ending on the last day of any month other than December, your return is due on or before the 15th day of the 4th month after the close of your tax year.
 Since April 15, 1962, is on Sunday your return for the calendar year 1961 will be timely filed if it is filed on or before Monday, April 16, 1962.
 If you were required to file a declaration of estimated tax for the calendar year 1961, it is not necessary to pay the fourth installment otherwise due on January 15, 1962, if you file your income tax return Form 1040, and pay your tax in full for the calendar year 1961 by January 31, 1962.
 The filing of an original or amended declaration, otherwise due on January 15, 1962, is also waived, if you file your Form 1040 for 1961 and pay the full tax by January 31, 1962.
 Farmers, for these purposes, have until February 15, 1962, to file Form 1040 and pay the tax in full for the calendar year 1961.
 Their United States tax returns are due April 16, 1962.
 However, if their United States income is not subject to the withholding of tax on wages, their returns are due June 15, 1962, if they use a calendar year, or the 15th day of the 6th month after the close of their fiscal year.
 If you are a nonresident alien and a resident of Puerto Rico, your return is also due June 15, 1962, or the 15th day of the 6th month after the close of your fiscal year.
 Suppose John Jones, who, for 1960, filed on the basis of a calendar year, died June 20, 1961.
 His return for the period January 1 to June 20, 1961, is due April 16, 1962.
 Citizens of the United States who, on April 15, are not in the United States or Puerto Rico, are allowed an extension of time until June 15 for filing the return for the preceding calendar year.
 You must attach a statement to your return, if you take advantage of this automatic extension, showing that you were in Alaska or were outside the United States or Puerto Rico on April 15 or other due date.
 If the check is not good and the April 15 or other due date deadline elapses, additions to the tax may be incurred.
 It must have been with some pleasure and relief that on September 12, 1848, Joseph Brown made the momentous entry in his job book, in his characteristically cryptic style, " Lucian Sharpe came to work for me this day as an apprentice".
 Sales and net income for the year ended December 31, 1960 showed an improvement over 1959.
 In December we began to ship our ultra-high-speed stretch yarn machines.
 Early in August we broke ground for a new $ 3,500,000 plant in Warwick, Rhode Island, which will house our textile and coil winding machinery operations.
 Construction is well along, and the plant is scheduled for completion in November of this year.
 In accordance with the two-year contract signed in May, 1959, with the International Association of Machinists, AFL-CIO, wages of hourly employees were increased by 4 % in May, 1960, and pay levels for non-exempt salaried employees were increased proportionately.
 In addition to direct salaries and wages, the Company paid or accrued during the year the following amounts for the benefit of employees : During the pension year ended December 31, 1960, 23 employees retired, making a total of 171 currently retired under the Company's pension plan.
 At December 13, 1960 the fund held by the Industrial National Bank of Providence, as trustee for payment of past and future service pensions to qualified members of the plan, totaled $ 2,412,616.
 Orchesis, for students interested in the modern dance, contributes to the May Fete and offers earlier in the year a modern dance demonstration.
 Tennis Club participates in a dual tennis tournament with the University of Minnesota each fall, and also sponsors a two-day state invitational tennis meet at Carleton in May.
 The Dolphins present a three-night water show the week of the May Fete.
 in addition to the miscellaneous pamphlets and other printed matter which it issues, the College maintains regular publications, as follows : The Bulletin, in five issues : The Report Of The President in August ; ; The Alumni Fund Report in September ; ; the Annual Catalog in March ; ; an Alumni Reunion Bulletin in April ; ; and a special Bulletin in June.
 In January, 1960, the first issue of The Carleton Miscellany, a quarterly literary magazine, was published by the College.
 The editor, sports editor, and student business manager are chosen in December, the new staff assuming responsibility for the paper at the beginning of the second semester.
 Sales of TV sets at retail ran ahead of the like months of 1959 through July ; ; set production ( excluding those destined for the export market ) also ran ahead in the early months, but was curtailed after the usual vacation shutdowns in the face of growing evidence that some of the early production plans had been overly optimistic.
 The promotion of Robert E. Swift to the position of Assistant Manager of the Interference Control Field Service Department was announced early in December by Frederick S. Scarborough, Manager of Interference Control Field Service.
 Steady radiation which was presumably of thermal origin was observed from Venus at 3.15 and 9.4 cm, and from Mars and Jupiter at 3.15 cm in 1956 ( Mayer, McCullough, and Sloanaker, 1958, A, B, C ), and from Saturn at 3.75 cm in 1957 ( Drake and Ewen, 1958 ).
 The observations of Mayer, McCullough, and Sloanaker at 3.15 cm and of Sloanaker at 10.3 cm have not previously been published and will be briefly described.
 Measurements at 3.15 cm were obtained on 11 days spread over the interval May 3 to June 19, 1956, using the 50-foot reflector at the U.S. Naval Research Laboratory in Washington.
 The antenna patterns and the power gain at the peak of the beam were both measured ( Mayer, McCullough, and Sloanaker, 1958 ), so that the absolute power sensitivity of the antenna beam over the solid angle of the moon was known.
 The 10.3-cm observation of Sloanaker was made on May 20, 1958, using the 84-foot reflector at the Maryland Point Observatory of the U.S. Naval Research Laboratory.
 On May 15, a very large increase occurred with A[fj] of mass between A[fj] and A[fj] ; ; for the next two days, the impact rate was A[fj] ; ; and for the next nine days, the impact rate was less than A[fj] ( Nazarova, 1960 ).
 The survivors emerge on some nice, sunny day in March or April, when the temperature is close to 50-degrees and there is not too much wind.
 It is an amazing fact that in some species this will happen while the summer is still in full swing, for instance, in August.
 This may just be pride in my adopted State of Washington, but certainly I love to visit their mound cities near Yakima and Prosser in July or August, when the bees are in their most active period.
 Carl Kauffeld has written to me of sexual activity in February 1943 of young born in March 1940.
 Nakamura ('58 ), Verloop ('48 ), Marchand, Gilroy and Watson ('50 ), Von Hayek ('53 ), and Tobin ('52 ) have all claimed their normal but relatively nonfunctional existence in the human being.
 This patient was a 65-year-old white male accountant who entered the New York Hospital for his fourth and terminal admission on June 26, 1959, because of disabling weakness and general debility.
 No additional transfusions were necessary after the institution of prednisone in July, 1957, in an initial dose of 40 mg. daily with gradual tapering to 10 mg. daily.
 This medication was continued until February, 1958.
 In February, 1958, the patient suffered a myocardial infarction complicated by pulmonary edema.
 Because of increasing anemia, triamcinolone, 8 mg. daily, was started on Feb. 23, 1958, and was continued until July, 1958.
 In September, 1958, the patient developed generalized weakness and fatigue which was concurrent with exacerbation of his anemia ; ; the hemoglobin was 10.6 gm..
 In an attempt to reverse the downhill trend by stimulating the bone marrow and controlling any hemolytic component, triamcinolone, 16 mg. daily, was begun on Sept. 26, 1958, and continued until Feb. 18, 1959.
 At first the patient felt stronger, and the hemoglobin rose to 13.8 gm., but on Oct. 20, 1958, he complained of " caving in" in his knees.
 By Nov. 8, 1958, weakness, specifically involving the pelvic and thigh musculature, was pronounced, and a common complaint was " difficulty in stepping up on to curbs".
 Prednisone, 30 mg. daily, was substituted for triamcinolone from Nov. 22 until Dec. 1, 1958, without any improvement in the weakness.
 By Dec. 1, 1958, the weakness in the pelvic and quadriceps muscle groups was appreciably worse, and it became difficult for the patient to rise unaided from a sitting or reclining position.
 Triamcinolone, 16 mg. daily, was resumed and maintained until Feb. 18, 1959.
 In February, 1959, during the second admission to The New York Hospital, a biopsy specimen of the left gastrocnemius showed striking increase in the sarcolemmal sheath nuclei and shrunken muscle fibers in several sections.
 On Feb. 12, 1959, purified corticotropin ( ACTH Gel ), 20 units daily intramuscularly, was started but had to be discontinued 3 weeks later because of excessive fluid retention.
 From March 3 to May 1, 1949, the patient was maintained on dexamethasone, 3 to 6 mg. daily.
 In May 1959, prednisone, 30 mg. daily, replaced the dexamethasone.
 Severe back pain in June, 1959, prompted a third hospital admission.
 The terminal hospital admission on June 27, 1959, was necessitated by continued weakness and debility complicated by urinary retention and painful thrombosed hemorrhoids.
 On July 4, 1959, the patient developed marked abdominal pain and distension, went into shock, and died.
 Starting in great force late in December, from a line stretching from East Prussia to Budapest, the Red armies had swept two hundred miles across Poland to the Oder, thirty miles from Berlin, and the Upper Danube region was being rapidly overrun, while the Western Allies had not yet occupied all of the left bank of the Rhine.
 He did not mind the Line itself, which Churchill declared in the House of Commons, on February 27, 1945, he had always believed to be " just and right", but he did not want it called by a hated name.
 In the Dunn-Atherton memorandum of February 4, 1942, the State Department had expected to be able to hold Russia in check by withholding agreement to her 1941 boundaries.
 This illusion was described in a far-sighted editorial in The New York Herald Tribune, on March 5, 1947, in connection with the submission of the satellite peace treaties to the Senate.
 Failing to heed the lesson so clearly contained in the satellite treaties, President Truman re-declared the Cold War on March 12, 1947, in the Truman Doctrine, exactly one week after the Herald Tribune editorial was written, and a year after the Cold War had been announced by Churchill at Fulton, Missouri, in Truman's presence.
 King Muhammad 5, was known to be most sympathetic to the formation of local self-government and made the first firm promise of elections on May Day, 1957.
 In January, 1958, the Minister of the Interior announced that an election law was ready to be submitted to the King, the rumors of election dates appeared once again, first for spring of 1958 and later for the summer.
 They figured prominently in the Balafrej government of May, 1958, which the King was reportedly determined to keep in office until elections could be held.
 By December, 1958, when' Abdallah Ibrahim became President of the Council, elections had even greater importance.
 Voter registration began in late November 1959 and continued until early January, 1960.
 These signs are the inventories of unsold houses in some areas of the country and the moderate rise in vacancy rates for apartments ( 7.6 % in September ).
 The 2 % increase in retail sales in October to a 4-month high is encouraging in this connection as well as the most recent consumer survey by the National Industrial Conference Board, which shows a decided pickup in consumer spending plans.
 The average annual rate of 1,083,000 in the second half of the Sixties is still considerably below the annual rate of 1,525,000 in the three-year period from April 1947 to March 1950.
 In June, 1960, an early draft of the questionnaire, along with a cover letter, was mailed to fourteen companies in the state of Washington.
 The revised draft was mailed in July, 1960, to 100 firms throughout the United States.
 The first test mailing ( to 14 companies ) was made in June, 1960.
 The second test mailing ( to 100 companies ) was made in July, 1960.
 The final mailing of the questionnaire was made late in August, 1960, to 4,900 firms consisting of 3,450 from the AIA list and 1,450 from the TR list.
 They continued to arrive until the end of December, 1960, by which time a total of 1,343 returns were received representing 26.8 per cent of the 5,014 questionnaires sent out.
 On February 17, Russell and Cook were sent to the Pena Flor community on the Vermejo to see about renting out ranches the company had purchased.
 On May 19, a deputy sheriff's posse of eight men left Maxwell City and rode thirty-five miles up the Vermejo where they were joined by Juan Jose Martinez.
 Traveling all night, Clark and twelve men arrived at about seven o'clock May 22.
 The final step was a vote for a $ 230,000 bond issue for the construction of a sewage system by the 1959 town meeting, later confirmed by a two-thirds vote at a special town meeting June 21, 1960.
 The first known telephone line in Manchester was established in July 1883 between Burr and Manley's store at Manchester Depot and the Kent and Root Marble Company in South Dorset.
 In November 1887 a line connecting several dwelling houses in Dorset was extended to Manchester Depot.
 These must have been for local calls strictly, as in May 1900 the " only long distance telephone" in town was transferred from C.B. Carleton's to Young's shoe store.
 In 1932 Dorset received its own exchange, which made business easier for the Manchester office, but it was not until February 1953 that area service was extended to include Manchester and Dorset.
 On June 14, 1900 the Manchester Journal reported that an electrical engineer was installing an electric light plant for Edward S. Isham at " Ormsby Hill".
 This was working by the end of August and giving satisfactory service.
 In November 1900 surveying was done under John Marsden on the east mountains to ascertain if it would be possible to get sufficient water and fall to operate an electric power plant.
 This was nearly completed May 23, 1901 with a promise of lights by June 10, but the first light did not go on until September 28.
 The latter now furnishes the area with electricity distributed from a modern sub-station at Manchester Depot which was put into operation February 19, 1930 and was improved in January 1942 by the installation of larger transformers.
 On October 31, 1859, John Brown was found guilty of treason against the state of Virginia, inciting slave rebellion, and murder.
 For these crimes he was sentenced to be hanged in public on Friday, December 2, 1859.
 On Wednesday morning, November 2, 1859, the Providence Daily Journal stated that although Brown justly deserved the extreme penalty, no man, however criminal, ought to suffer the penalty without a fair trial.
 During the month of November hardly a day passed when there was not some mention of John Brown in the Rhode Island newspapers.
 On November 7, 1859, the Providence Daily Journal reprinted a letter sent to John Brown from " E. B.", a Quaker lady in Newport.
 On Wednesday evening, November 23, 1859, in Warren, Rev. Mark Trafton of New Bedford, gave a " Mission of Sympathy" lecture in which he favorably viewed the Harper's Ferry insurrection.
 During the latter days of November to the day of Brown's execution, it seems that most Rhode Islanders did not concur in " E. B.'s" suggestion.
 On November 22, 1859, the Providence Daily Journal stated that although Brown's " pluck" and honest fanaticism must be admired, any honor paid to Brown would only induce other fanatics to imitate his actions.
 On December 2, 1859, John Brown was hanged at Charles Town, Virginia.
 Seated on the platform were Amos C. Barstow, ex-mayor of Providence and a wealthy Republican stove manufacturer ; ; Thomas Davis, an uncompromising Garrisonian ; ; the Reverend Augustus Woodbury, a Unitarian minister ; ; the Reverend George T. Day, a Free-Will Baptist ; ; Daniel W. Vaughan, and William H.H. Clements.
 It was for this reason, and no other that I can see, that in September 1912, Braque took the radical and revolutionary step of pasting actual pieces of imitation-woodgrain wallpaper to a drawing on paper, instead of trying to simulate its texture in paint.
 On that cold, but bright, April day we were guests of your government in the reviewing stand of Red Square to witness the poeple's celebration for Yuri Gagarin and later on that day we attended the somewhat more exclusive reception for him in one of the impressive palaces of the Kremlin.
 Glance at the list : Burckhardt, Tolstoy, Proudhon, Thoreau, London, Marx, Tawney, Mayo, Durkheim, Tannenbaum, Mumford, A.R. Heron, Huxley, Schweitzer, and Einstein.
 This seems odd when one recalls that he wrote poetry longer than any other major English poet : " Domicilium" is dated " between 1857 and 1860" ; ; " Seeing The Moon Rise" is dated August, 1927.
 Mrs. Hardy records that " at the end of November ( 1881 ) he makes a note of an intention to resume poetry as soon as possible" ( Early Life, p. 188 ) ; ; and on Christmas Day, 1890, Hardy wrote : " While thinking of resuming' the viewless Wings Of Poesy before dawn this morning, new horizons seemed to open, and worrying pettinesses to disappear" ( Early Life, p. 302 ).
 Horace's column of imperishable verse shines quietly enough in the lucid air of Augustan Rome.
 We first see him shaking Mrs. Joe's hand on discovering the sizable amount of the premium paid to her husband for Pip's indenture as an apprentice and later pumping Pip's hands " for the hundredth time at least" ( " May I -- may I --" ? ? ) in effusive congratulation to Pip on his expectations.
 The dissolved oxygen in the aeration unit was consistently high until January 29, 1961.
 He thought how this dainty, fragile older woman threading her way through the streets of Westminster on a day in June, enjoying the flowers in the shops, the greetings from old friends, but never really drawing a deep, passionate breath, was so like himself.
 The clock you heard strike -- it's really the town clock -- was installed last April by Mrs. Shorter, on her birthday".
 Ludie had a cigar box full of marbles and shooters, and a Roman candle from last Fourth of July.
 Maybe it's a good thing it happened.
 Maybe they'll stop it now, once for all.
 Maybe they already got them.
 Charles had died two weeks before, in early November, without being reconciled to the Church.
 The white-clad trees stood like specters in the February night.
 It could continue this way, hitting 106 and more in the Valley, Joe McFeeley knew, into October.
 " Maybe today'll be a good-news day".
 The road seemed animated with a few more wagons than usual ; ; a carriage raising up the choking June dust, and beyond, in a meadow, a local militia company drilling with muskets, Kentuck' rifles, every kind of horse pistol, old sword, or cutlass.
 Maybe he felt the same way.
 Leaving her house one late afternoon, Mrs. Pastern stopped to admire the October light.
 Mrs. Trempler was tuberculosis, Mrs. Surcliffe was Mothers' March of Dimes, Mrs. Craven was cancer, and Mrs. Gilkson did the kidney.
 The doctor was wearing a long New England greatcoat, hardly necessary in the June weather but a garment which proved well adapted to the sequestration of hens.
 Seems like she's willing, but the male just flops around all day like the bashful boy who took Jeannie May behind the barn and then didn't know what to do, and the people at the zoo haven't got any vulture chicks to show for their trouble.
 We've only been married four years, January".
 " You know what she likes, Winston", he had said wearily, one evening in November when Winston was pulling off his overshoes.
 The night after reading her letter about her surgeon uncle -- it must have been late in September -- I had a vision of myself returned in ragged uniform from The Front, nearly dying, my head bandaged and blooded, and Jessica bending over me, the power of her love bringing me back to life.
 In December I wrote her with authority that we would meet on the steps of the Hotel Astor, a rendezvous spot that I had learned was the most sophisticated.
 We would attend a film and, later on, I stated, we might go to the Mayflower Coffee Shop or Child's or Toffenetti's for waffles.
 I had come to Chicago from New York early in September with a dramatic production called Ask Tony.
 I had come to Chicago from New York early in September with a dramatic production called Ask Tony.
 Perhaps it was Dora May.
 Perhaps it was Dora May.
 At last he found it in the paper of April 2.
 He found it in the edition of May 15.
 " Maybe the society editor would remember a good-looking out-of-town bride".
 At last he found it in the paper of April 2.
 He found it in the edition of May 15.
 It was a cold, windy day, the day after Kitti's death, but Stanley Gilborn paid no attention to the blustery October wind.
 " Maybe there isn't.
 It was a cold, windy day, the day after Kitti's death, but Stanley Gilborn paid no attention to the blustery October wind.
 Maybe one could be startled into forgetfulness.
 Maybe one could be startled into forgetfulness.
 The King Arthur offered respectable and convenient lodgings to people from the suburbs who wanted to see a show and didn't want -- heaven knew didn't want ! ! -- to lunge anxiously through crowded streets to railroad stations and, at odd hours of night, drive from smaller stations to distant homes, probably through rain or, in November, something worse.
 The King Arthur offered respectable and convenient lodgings to people from the suburbs who wanted to see a show and didn't want -- heaven knew didn't want ! ! -- to lunge anxiously through crowded streets to railroad stations and, at odd hours of night, drive from smaller stations to distant homes, probably through rain or, in November, something worse.
 The date, October 8, 1957, immediately caught the inspector's eye.
 The date, October 8, 1957, immediately caught the inspector's eye.
 Maybe he only intended to scare the blackmailer, whoever he was, in which case an unloaded gun would be good enough.
 Maybe he only intended to scare the blackmailer, whoever he was, in which case an unloaded gun would be good enough.
 " Maybe you'd better tell the guy who hired you what I said".
 One month ago, on the 20th of October, was the opening of the gunning season in Massachusetts.
 One month ago, on the 20th of October, was the opening of the gunning season in Massachusetts.
 Maybe it would be better to humor the guy and then make an exit.
 Maybe it would be better to humor the guy and then make an exit.
 In southern Europe, between the Israeli Republics and the Icelandic-speaking peoples of northern Europe, was a thin but long stretch of territory called March.
 Maybe it would work the other way.
 Maybe because they have had virtually no radioactive exposure and don't have any R's stored up, they could take a lot without harm".
 " Maybe", the captain admitted.
 Maybe I will grow another head.
 When, in late afternoon on the last day in June, he saw two people top the ridge to the south and walk toward the house, he quit work immediately and strode to his rifle.
 Maybe you know him".
 Then, helpfully, as she merely stared at him in weary silence, " Maybe you could write it down for me, huh ? ?
 Maybe she will then come to you.
 Maybe I should withdraw my advice -- no" ? ?
 " Maybe he's at the hotel".
 William Lewis made the rounds of all who lived near him again, that August morning after a bullet landed at his feet, and once more he accused and threatened everyone.
 On the morning of September 10, 1895, Powell and Ross rose at dawn and began their day's work.
 Maybe if the marshal hears this himself, it'll make a difference.
 Early in November the clouds lifted enough to carry out the assigned missions.
 Maybe I would beat old Herry to Siberia after all.
 " Just befoh he left foh his academeh we wuh hevin dack-rihs on the vuhranduh, Major Roebuck an Ah, an Huhmun says' May Ah hev one too' ? ?
 Maybe I would beat old Herry to Siberia after all.
 Maybe Lou was only unconscious, but right then I thought he must be dead.
 It was really a May and December combination.
 Maybe the Indian wasn't too much at fault, Ramey thought.
 Maybe he was only doing the best he knew how, like any of us.
 " Maybe not, if you're 200 feet under water", Artie said.
 On a bitterly cold day in January, 1895, accompanied only by Neal Brown as his deputy, Tilghman left the township of Guthrie and headed for Rock Fort and Dunn's ranch.
 School began in August, the hottest part of the year, and for the first few days Miss Langford was very lenient with the children, letting them play a lot and the new ones sort of get acquainted with one another.
 " Maybe some of'em will fall down and we'll see up their dress".
 " Maybe", Jack said idly, watching for Miss Langford.
 Then, on July 2, there occurred another incident which set tongues to wagging at a furious clip.
 " Maybe you and me will, girlie, but these two ain't goin' nowhere".
 Yet if he were not there, they would have missed him, as they would have missed the sounds of bees buzzing against the screen door in early June ; ; or the smell of thick tomato paste -- the ripe smell that was both sweet and sour -- rising up from aluminum trays wrapped in fly-dotted cheesecloth.
 It grew bitterly cold toward the end of November, contributing to the miseries of countless numbers of people.
 Zion stayed to get my pin, but it'll be a cold day in June when I go back".
 Maybe you likee date with me" ? ?
 Maybe I saw him on a barge with a gang of Ethiopians poling it".
 She glanced at the man nodding beside her, a man with weather cracks furrowed into his lean cheeks, with powdery pale eyes reflecting all the droughts he had seen, reflecting the sky and the drought which must follow now in August -- yes, with eyes predicting the drought and here it was only June, only festival time again and thoughts of Gratt Shafer would not leave her.
 " Maybe you know him.
 " Maybe I could", he said, surprised that she could turn from herself and notice anything about him.
 Maybe I couldn't have called a taxi.
 But this was only the middle of July.
 Maybe I didn't see as much of Gladdy as I'd like, but how much worse it would have been if I'd had to board her out somewhere after Alice went -- send my daughter to an orphanage or a boarding-home.
 Maybe it's nothing, maybe it's intraepithelial or in situ -- can't take any chances".
 It was a Saturday evening in April with a mist-like rain, and I was a little high on the good taste of life.
 Maybe her ravenous eating wasn't grotesque because she was so positive about it.
 Maybe closer to thirty, I thought.
 This was her first day in Rome and it was June.
 They were even, Anne and George, probably thinking themselves very considerate in not hinting that she really should cut out " one or two countries" and come home in August to get Cousin Emma's house ready before the teachers came to Tuxapoka in September.
 It was a vivid, sharp February morning that Johnnie first made his appearance in my back yard, bringing some stuff Dad had ordered.
 When he was twelve he took to reading St. Augustine and Aquinas, then Lao-tse, Confucius, Mencius, Suzuki, Hindu tomes by endless Krishnaists and numerous socio-archaeological papers.
 Maybe he should have kept in touch.
 " Maybe I am padding it a bit, Anne", he said.
 Our last joint venture, Sainted Lady, a deeply religious film based on the life of Mother Cabrini, and timed so that its release date would coincide with the beatification of America's first saint in November, 1938, was a fiasco from start to finish.
 The Zeitgeist is not crazy as a loon or mad as a March hare ; ; it is manic as a man".
 Maybe that was why they were cordial and loyal towards the unpredictability of Arlene.
 Those persons who were lucky enough to see and hear the performance of his work at the Brest-Silevniov Festival in August, 1916, will certainly welcome his return to public notice ; ; and it is not unlikely that, even as the great Bach lay dormant for so many years, so has the erudite, ingenious SalFininistas passed through his " purgatory" of neglect.
 The battle of the drib-drool continues, but most of New York's knowing sophisticates of Abstract Expressionism are stamping their feet impatiently in expectation of V ( for Vindication ) Day, September first, when Augustus Quasimodo's first one-man show opens at the Guggenheim.
 Sometime on Saturday evening, August 22nd, while my family and I were dining at the Hostaria dell' Orso, in Rome, you jimmied a window of our home in Bucks County, Pennsylvania, and let yourselves into the premises.
